So let me tell you a story about the little phone that could.  Seriously though I do have a story to tell…Several months ago I heard about the upcoming release of the OnePlus 3 phone.  After all my reading I had my heart set on one.  I ordered one on the first day and went around for the next two months proudly showing it off to anyone who would listen.  Until I picked it up 2 months after I bought it and it had died.  It wouldn’t turn on for the life of me and I tried everything.  After anticipating several days of back and forth with OnePlus support after my initial call I decided to get a “burner” phone to fill the gap while I went through the process of getting my phone replaced.  I still wanted the 5.5” screen and happened upon this phone so I bought one thinking I’d use it for a couple of weeks and sell it on eBay.  Well it did in fact take about 2 weeks for my OnePlus to be repaired and it that time I’ve fallen in love with my little Blu phone and have actually decided to sell the OnePlus 3 and keep this phone.I’m not an Android Power User (read my phone isn’t rooted) but I push it pretty hard and use it for a lot.  The Blu Vivo XL hasn’t missed a beat!  For what I can tell it works as fast as the OnePlus 3 with a top of the line snapdragon processor and 6GB of ram!  I haven’t experienced any lag the interface is very fluid and if you pop a nova launcher on the phone it becomes VERY useable!  I lost every picture on my OnePlus 3 as it was the motherboard that fried however the Blu lets me sleep at night knowing that all my images are safely on an SD card (which is now backed up on a regular basis).  The screen is crisp and every bit as good as any phone I’ve ever had and I for one can’t tell the difference at all between 720 and 1080 until I’m so zoomed in on a photo that it’s ridiculous.  The battery life is amazing even better than the OnePlus that was running Marshmallow I’m guessing due to the lower resolution.  I can easily get through a day of moderate use and still have 20-30% power at the end of the day.  The phone feels great in my hand is just the right size and weight and has some really fun features built into it (I keep getting pleasantly surprised as I explore more).Add a 32GB card for $11 to this phone and you should have plenty of storage for all your needs.I can’t tell you how pleased I am with this phone  my wife is now buying the Vivo 5 as she likes mine so much (but wants to outdo me with more ram and metal case).  If you’re on the fence take a chance I’m sure you’ll be very happy!!!