After dealing with unreliable phone service providers (I'm looking at you Virgin Mobile and Straight Talk) and glitchy phones (I'm looking at you LG Volt and Volt 2 as well a a Samsung Galaxy phone) that consistently contained way too much bloatware (because of said unreliable phone services) and eventually started to die faster and faster I decided to do a lot of research for a few months before deciding which phone brand and service provider I would switch to.I was initially looking at the Honor 8 but the price was a bit steep for me so I decided to wait. I'm a firm believer in that you don't need to spend $400+ on a good phone and that the best phone service doesn't have to cost you hundreds of dollars a month. After taking a small break from research I came back to Amazon and found this phone last week. The price was nice and while the reviews were mixed I decided to take a plunge and buy this phone after watching a few videos about it and reading articles about it. I also ditched Virgin Mobile in favor of Cricket (which has been amazing so far! I actually get reception at home in the middle of my rural/ghost town).The phone arrived two days after I ordered it and the battery was at 60% battery out of the box giving me the ability to activate it right away and play around with it. A lot of these reviews complain about the operating system skin/EMUI (along with various other things) but honestly it's not all that different to me. Maybe it's because I adapt really quickly to things and have a fast learning curve (and am pretty tech savvy for not knowing all the correct terminology).Before I list positives and negatives let me just say that the most important things to me in a phone are internal storage space processing power and battery life. Oh and of course customization capabilities (like changing font faces) GPS and a nice set of front and back facing cameras. I don't care so much about having to learn or adapt to a new style of system since I enjoy learning about them and getting used to them on my own.POSITIVE POINTS1. Internal Storage: which allowed me to uninstall the useless apps that were pre-installed. The capacity also allowed me install all the apps that I previously had spread out between different devices (because each one had bloatware that couldn't be uninstalled or disabled). It also gave me the ability to add new games/apps that I've been wanting to try. Even after installing all the apps I wanted to as well as migrating data from apps I previously used (including: Discord Kingdom Hearts Unchained X Sword Art Online: Memory Defrag Mystic Messenger Sailor Moon Drops Alphabear. Pokemon GO [which I can actually use AR mode finally] TsumTsum Steven Universe: Soundtrack Attack Tumblr Instagram Snapchat LINE LINE Camera Layout Bitmoji LINE Webtoon Zedge and Huawei Themes) I still have more than half of my internal storage space free.2. Battery Life/Processing Power: if you read through my long list of apps above then you can guess I enjoy a fair amount of mobile gaming and a little bit of social media in my spare time. This phone doesn't slow down and doesn't overheat while I play for hours when I get the chance for it. The battery of course drains but not anywhere near as quickly as my old phones/devices did.  After a full charge I was able to enjoy 8-10+ hours of gaming and switching from app to app without having to worry about recharging. When the phone isn't in use the battery life is even more impressive barely draining from hour to hour. I went from having to charge my previous devices multiple times a day or having them die out on me to only needing to charge once a day usually at night/when I go to bed. I also love not having to deal with crashing apps/glitchy apps.3. Cameras: perhaps because my previous experiences with phone cameras have been full of disappointments I can easily say that the cameras on this phone are 100% fantastic. Even though I don't take a lot of selfies I do take lots of pictures of things aside from myself (like nature food arts/crafts scenery etc.) and the images come out crystal clear and pretty vibrant unless it's in a low-light setting. Of course I rarely would even think of taking a photo in that environment so that doesn't bother me or dull my enthusiasm for this phone. I look forward to being able to play around with my cameras more.4. Fingerprint Scanner: I just think this is a really cool feature now no one but me can unlock my phone which is pretty awesome. I have had no problems with it and setting it up was really simple and quick.5. GPS/Compass: Since playing Pokemon Go this became something of great importance to me. My previous devices were absolutely terrible when it came to playing this game. However this phone has given me the smoothest experience with absolutely no GPS-related problems.6. Graphics: To be concise the graphics/display quality on this phone is easily a 10/10 for me. Youtube videos and all my game/apps look sharp and clear. The colors aren't dull or overly vibrant.NEUTRAL POINTS1. Customization: If you like me enjoy changing fonts then you'll need to install an app like Huawei Themes which provides a nice selection of font faces to use. It's a bit of a shame that there aren't options other than the default font pre-installed but this doesn't bother now that I have an app for that.2. Speaker: I usually use my headphones but on the random occasion that I decide not to I will admit the speakers tend to be on the quieter side until you turn the volume up 70% or more. It's not that big a deal but I thought to just put that out there for honesty's and informing others' sake.3. I am used to having the option to move an app's data from the internal storage to an SDcard. This phone as far as I've explored doesn't provide the option to do so. This doesn't bother me because I have plenty of internal storage for apps and plenty of external storage for everything else so this is just something I thought to note.NEGATIVE POINT1. Not enough case options though this doesn't reflect so much on the phone's manufacturer as it does on those who manufacture phone cases. I just really want to be able to buy a clear plastic case for this phone (for decoden) and character cases (like Rilakkuma  Gudetama or Stitch or just in general cute cases) but I can't because there aren't any. I had to settle for a basic dual layer case (the case provides really nice protection though). Just in case any of you need a case here's the link: Honor 6X Case with Built-in Stand SPARIN Rugged Dual Layer Cases for Huawei Honor 6X 2017 with [360 Degree Ring Stand] [Corner Protection].