We recently had family pictures and I wanted to find a blue shirt for myself that I would wear afterwards. I came across this top and had never ordered anything by Lock and Love before but I really liked the look of the shirt. It is just the color I wanted so I ordered the Royal Brite color.When it arrived I tried it on right away to make sure it would fit so I could exchange it if necessary and it fits perfectly! I am 5'6" 155 pounds with a 36D chest and I ordered a large. I typically wear a medium or a large depending on the brand and style and opted for the large. I found the size chart under the images section to be misleading and confusing so I ended up using the one listed under the product description which I feel is more accurate. This shirt fits great. As other reviewers have stated it is slightly boxy but you can use that to your advantage if you want a shirt that hides your belly. I'm still carrying some extra post-baby weight and love this shirt because it makes me feel less self-conscious about my tummy.This shirt has cap sleeves and is pleated on both the front and back neckline which adds a bit more of a design. There is a defined waistband on the shirt so you can adjust it to fit however you'd like on your waist. This shirt is also VERY soft. That's the first thing I noticed about it when I took it out of the bag. It is made of 95% rayon and 5% spandex and feels very cool and comfortable during the hot summer months. It feels like a good quality shirt and is made in the USA. The washing instructions say to hand wash or machine wash it in cold water and then lay flat to dry. I didn't want to take the chance that I'd ruin it so I put it in a lingerie bag and put it in with my dark laundry and that seems to work well. Then I lay it on our drying rack. It seems to wrinkle while drying but once I put it on and wear it for a bit my body heat helps to iron out some of those wrinkles. This shirt is lightweight and you'll want to wear a nude or plain-color bra with it. I wore a black bra with the Royal Brite shirt and it didn't show through at all but a bra with patterns on it will show through at least a little bit.I am very pleased with my purchase of this shirt and I have ordered other colors as well. I initially purchased Royal Brite which is a bright royal blue and loved it so much that I also ordered Red and Dark Purple which are all shown in the pictures I've included. I've got Black and Coral on order as well. Because of my fair skin and blonde hair I prefer to wear darker colors and I love the selection of colors for this shirt. I showed my mom this shirt and she liked it so much that she ordered one as well. At first I thought the price of this shirt was slightly expensive but considering how soft and flattering it is I feel it's worth the price. If you are considering ordering this shirt make sure you use the size chart under the product description instead of the images. I love this shirt already and will order more colors in the future when I need to add some to my wardrobe!