I'm in LOVE!I wear a size 6 in jeans but my waist measured out to a size medium so I went with it. I've already got some curves to me and I have a relatively small frame. I have an hour glass figure for sure but I wanted to accentuate that and get permanent results. "Weight loss wraps" have never worked for me and seem like a total scam and even though I do exercise that doesn't give my figure a more pronounced curve.I gave four stars because I really wish I had gone with a small. First time putting it on I could get it to the second latch and I realized after taking photos for the review that I can get it to the third latch as well.It is definitely not the companies fault it was user error. I really wish they would make their sizing chart more accurately since I measured to be a medium and I should be in a small.I am going use this one on the second latch for a bit even though I can get to the third then move to the third latch for maybe a few weeks. I intend to order a small once I've worn this one for a while and notice a significant permanent change.It has an amazing structure to it and it keeps my posture nice and straight but it's still comfortable to wear. It's made of very soft fabric and it does have a tiny bit of stretch to it but it doesn't get stretched out if that makes sense (which is awesome if you order a size too small or are a heavier person; this will stretch to fit your body if you go a bit too small).It's also easily hidden under clothes. In two photos I'm wearing a loose top and in one a crop top. You cannot see it at all under the loose top. I was wearing a tight black tank top when I first tried this on and it STILL wasn't too noticeable! Win!I'll be wearing this every day to work for sure (a full 8 hours a day if I can handle it) and I don't think anyone will know except for me!This is by far THE BEST waist trainer I've ever bought. Very well made the boning is awesome and even though you obviously can feel that you're wearing it it doesn't make you feel like you're gasping for air like some trainers do. I was skeptical because most trainers give me anxiety because it's difficult to breathe but this one is just perfect.I would DEFINITELY recommend this. Just make sure you're getting the right size. If you fit between say a small and a medium like I was go for the small. :)