I buy tons and tons of capris (Florida - enough said :) and have tried everything from $100 designer brands to $10 Walmart ones. Sometimes I prefer simple light "around the house" ones and other times I prefer nicer "hope the top and accessories are nice enough to make them an actual outfit acceptable to go out to dinner in" ones. So I'm pretty well versed in the land of capris. Here are my thoughts: (BTW I am 5'2 and around a size 8/curvy. It drives me NUTS when people review clothing and say it was too big/small/short/long etc when they don't give their stats because how is that helpful in any way if you don't know a thing about them :) Moving on:FEEL AND LOOK: They feel nice - better than most active wear brands or Target ish ones. They are thicker than most but not the heaviest I have seen. For cold climates this would actually be IDEAL - however in Florida not so much all the time (though still totally ok for some weather here.) They are made nicely no hanging threads or wrong stitching or anything - maybe not the best construction I have seen but not bad by any means. It's a texture that will attract dust/pet hair/lint and all of that which is pretty common for anything that isn't a shiny finish or material that has that slick feel to it. Very opaque due to thickness so you will NOT have a problem with these being see through or stretching too thin in some places.FIT: I got a large. For me these were too long and not as snug as I would like - I am 5'2 so that kind of adds to this problem :) but about 90% of capris I've had were shorter than these. At 22'' these really are like very short leggings almost - most capris are 16'-18'. ' Normally those lengths work great for me (I like them a little longer but these are literally the longest capris ever :) These have a LOT of bunch for me and I do have to sometimes pull them up to fit snug around my mid calf. Definitely annoying though if I pull them up over my calf a bit more they sometimes stay for a while. I would say for anyone over 5'5 they would be a great length anyone under would probably feel they are too long (unless you really like long capris or have a much fuller figure which would make them slightly shorter) The problem is (for me at least) once they droop past the larger part of your calf they are not snug anymore which is the WEIRDEST LOOK EVER. Because of this they are more around the house for me but if I was tall enough to avoid it I'd probably wear them out more.HOW THEY HOLD UP: They have been washed in cold water with natural color safe bleach and wool dryer balls (no sheets.) The color has stayed well over 2 months washed once a week. The stitching is still tight no strings or holes or anything. The one bad point - PILING - mainly in the crotch area (if you are teeny tiny and don't have any friction this probably won't be bad or happen at all but most women even on the thin side have some - fuller figures will definitely have this.) I realize this will happen with most leggings/capris over time just as a normal result of friction but these did happen after only 3 or 4 washes and not too heavy use when they were on. I have actually had cheaper Target type ones that were used a lot more than this and at the same age piling was about 50% less.  Other than that I feel they wash and wear nicely and shouldn't fall apart prematurely with normal use and good care.PRICE: At around $19 this is a fair price. They are on the higher side of the lower end products definitely not the same level as a $50-$60 pair as they advertise but much better than most $10 cheapo pairs a la Walmart.OVERALL: For colder climates this is a great thickness and for women over 5'5 this would be a great length. If you are that person - these would be a 4 and possibly a 5 depending on your preferences/needs etc. So this could be a great pair or a so so pair (as it was for me thus the 3 rating which would probably be 3.5 if that existed :) However they are cozy nice around the house and won't fall apart in a month like some others so I still do use them.Hope this review helped! Feel free to post any questions and I will try to answer as best as I can!UPDATE AFTER 4 MONTHS:Color has stayed well true black still which is good.Fit is still mostly the same has only stretched out a slight bit which is goodPilling is terrible at any point where your legs meetLint/pet hair sticks to these 3 seconds after coming out of the dryer - it's like a lint brush  - ughI''m still using these as around the house/walk the dog capris since they never make it more than 3 seconds w/o lint and the fit on me is still a bit weird at the cuffs + length.IMO if you are very tall/very thin and have no pets and an immaculate house they would work best :)