I ordered  the size I thought would fit for Columbia products. This is my second item from Columbia and each time I'm getting a size smaller than usual. Based on the size chart it's accurate. Meaning I fit within the SMALL measurements and the jacket isn't tight on me. Most other brands I would have ordered a Medium.  I ordered a small so that I could wear with with a long sleeve shirt under it but not planning on wearing a sweatshirt / sweater under it. I'm 5'8" 120# 34A chest. I like this jacket and plan to use it during outdoor activities like camping hiking and canoeing in the Fall. The material is very comfortable and I love that the pockets zip up. They also have what could be considered two pockets on the inside of the jacket. My husband really liked this jacket too so I ordered him the male version.  It's a great find for around $20 on sale.Update / Re-Order:I decided to order another size and color. My previous order was brown / small. For a more relaxed look I decided to get the "sunnyside" yellow in medium. The medium fits me as well as the small but it depends on what I'm planning on using the jacket for. I chose the medium because I'll be using it as a relaxed layering piece. Technically I could wear this as my size but it's not as fitted as I would like it to be.The color "sunnyside" is more of a true sun baby yellow.  Not necessarily pastel baby yellow either but compared to my lemon juice bottle yellow crayon and Penn tennis ball it is more pastel in color.  When I first saw it I thought "Care Bear" stuffed animal colored. The picture from Amazon seems to show a hue of green in the garment that I don't see in person.  It's not a shocking neon yellow either. To me it's a true "yellow" even though my "yellow" crayon shows a hue of green to it next to the jacket. I have photos attached that will show the jacket in true sun and two with all three items laying on the jacket. The ones with the items laying on the jacket are in a pitch dark room with only the Samsung S5 camera flash for light. The true sun photos seem to lighten the color of the jacket. Hope this helps.