A Bit of Background:I upgraded to the D3400 after the auto-focus on my D3300 died and getting my old refurb repaired was likely to cost half of what the new one would. I loved my D3300 as a beginner's camera. I wanted to develop my photography skills and be able to take a shot at astrophotography without spending too much. For these purposes it worked really well but when it started to malfunction I knew I still wasn't ready for something with more settings I probably wouldn't use.This Camera:  This camera is very similar to its predecessor which in my opinion is good if you liked your D3300.  The only real differences I have detected as of yet are as follows (I will update these as I use the camera more):Bluetooth:  I really like the Bluetooth. Being able to post my photos to Flickr or Facebook because the camera sends them directly to my phone is pretty satisfying. I read some complaints about the app SnapBridge but have not run into any issues myself yet and had no trouble pairing my devices.Different ports to connect to PC:  UPDATE I do not know what the exact difference in ports is but they are different than the ports on the D3300 and the micro USB cord I used to use to connect my camera to my PC is no longer compatible. (I posted photos of the difference between the ports on the two cameras. The D3400 is the shiny red one.}  Not only are the ports different but the camera did not come with any cables that would allow me to connect it to my PC. Also something of note and this is part of why I gave the D3400 4 stars instead of 5 is that while the camera does come with a battery charger it does NOT come with a battery or a memory card. Luckily for me the battery from my D3300 was compatible. If I had ordered this camera without having owned my D3300 previously I would have been really annoyed at the absence of these.Image Quality:The D3400 does not disappoint when it comes to image quality. If you are upgrading from the D3300 you can expect the same beautiful image quality as you had before. The attached photos were taken with the 18-55mm lens that comes with this package. I love the lens as an all purpose default lens to have on my camera. It can zoom up really well for great detail which are my favorite shots.In Short:This camera is great and doesn't disappoint aside from the lack of peripherals that are really required for getting going taking photos. Not coming with a battery memory card and necessary cables really rubs me the wrong way especially considering how much we are paying for the camera.I will likely update this as I play more with this little beauty. If you want something similar to your D3300 but are not expecting a lot of upgraded bells and whistles this is the camera for you. If you are coming from no camera or a different one altogether I still recommend the D3400 for beginners or casual photographers that want good image quality especially in low light conditions at a reasonable price. Just remember to order your peripherals as all you get in this package is the lens the strap and a charging port.