This is an upgrade from my D5000.  I'm very happy with it so far. I love the red color which looks more true red than the image that appears on my screen.  The color aides in being able to tell my camera bodies apart at a glance as well which is actually why I chose the red. It's both smaller and lighter than my D5000 which is very nice as every ounce counts when you're predominantly an outdoor and nature photographer like I am.  The grip is deeper and more comfortable. Changing lenses feels much smoother on this model.The LCD screen is noticeably larger easier to see and display of higher quality visually.  The touch screen works well and makes quick operation easier. The touch screen has some fun and interesting capabilities too namely touch focus and shutter release when in live view. However I found that while the first couple of times taking photos using the screen as a shutter release is fun it quickly becomes a nuisance when every accidental touch of the screen becomes a photo you didn't mean to take.  So I disabled that feature early on.  But I did keep the touch screen's spot focus feature on.  Though I'm predominantly a viewfinder shooter being able to focus right where I want just by touching the screen when I am using live view is great. You can also get pinpoint focus accuracy by zooming in while in live view. I'll still rely on my viewfinder and spot focusing manually for the majority of my shooting though just because that's what I'm more comfortable with.  But I suspect that LCD spot focusing capability will be a well used feature among many.My favorite upgrade is the expanded ISO.  It goes to 25600 whereas my old camera only went to 3200.  This gives me MUCH more capability and flexibility in lower lighting.  I ran some high ISO tests the first day I got it and was happy to see that I can easily go to several thousand ISO and still have an acceptable image especially after applying a noise reduction filter in post processing.The built in flash is not quite as powerful as my old one but still enough to do the trick when you're not using a speed light but need something more than the available light.  I'm pleased with the results of my flash and exposure compensation tests.They've moved some buttons around but I'm finding operation pretty much the same as the D5000 or at least an intuitive jump from the older model. There's been nothing that I haven't been able to quickly and easily discern after using the D5000 for years.  I think anyone familiar with any of Nikon's models in this series will find switching to this one an easy transition.One negative I noticed in my initial tests is that settings change and a noticeable reduction in image quality is visible if using the continuous shooting mode compared to single shot mode in low light high ISO tests. Focus seemed far more challenging for hand held shots in continuous shooting mode even though the camera automatically increased the shutter speed while shooting in aperture priority mode. I suspect this is due to mirror movement but am disappointed since continuous is my preferred mode.  I'll be running more tests in better lighting outside once we're out of this cold snap and will try to remember to update this review with my results.  Nonetheless this is my only disappointment thus far. I'm very pleased with everything else.In summary I'd highly recommend this camera body to anyone on somewhat of a budget who wants a good quality DSLR that accommodates everyone from the point and shoot hobby photographer to the fully manual serious photographer. Due to its size and weight it's particularly great for anyone who does a lot of outdoor work and/or has to lug their gear around a lot. It's the kind of good quality you'd expect from Nikon.