Jan 19 2017 updateOne of the reasons for getting the K-3II was pixel shift capability. I must say that I am amazed by the increased resolution and dynamic range. I have done recently HDR in conjunction with pixel shift. The results were just jaw dropping. Viewing at 100% on a 27" 2560X1440 monitor it is still sharp with incredible details. This is the kind of sharpness and micro-contrast that I have only seen produced by high resolution medium format cameras. A benefit from this revelation is that my lenses are still keeping well with the sensor no need to upgrade.Original:This is my 8th Pentax dSLR replacing a K-5IIs and a K-S2. The out-going cameras are still fine tools but no comparison to the K-3II. The fit-and-finish of the K-3II is the best very solid substantial but not heavy or too big. The shutter is incredibly soft quiet and smooth. K-5 & K-5IIs already have excellent shutter but K-3II again is better.AF is much improved over previous models. Some AF fine adjustments were necessary for all previous models; however none is needed for lenses tested so far - 16-85 50-135 Sigma 70-200 OS. AF is fast and confident on these 3 lenses. Resolution is incredible; I was not prepared when I saw the fine details.Aug 7 2016 updateJust finished a long overseas vacation. Local weather was hot and humid the camera performed flawlessly. AF with 16-85 was fast secure and accurate. I am very familiar with the Sony 16 MP in K-5 series but this 24 MP sensor is just stunning. There is at least one stop of highlight headroom when using RAW. Dynamic range is also excellent with easy 3 stops shadow recovery. I never realize how useful the GPS was until now. I can easily pin point the exact location of where an image was taken. Finally I did try the pixel shift function. It actually works quite well for static subjects. SR on this camera is definitely improved over that of K-5 series.Unless you have extra money you don't know what to do with it this camera represents the best APS DSLR and the best value also. Highly recommended.