I have and LOVE many GW 2 shoes this is my first GW 3 shoe.For reference my feet measure 8 WW though I often buy 8.5 W (ie Munro) because I like the extra room in the toe area or a size 9 M if wide widths are not available.I also have a high arch/instep.For Skechers GW line I had been buying size 9. With GW 2's (Hypo Super Sock and Super Breathe) the fit was amazing---the shoes are so light and cushy I didn't feel like I was wearing  shoes. No tightness (length/width/top of the foot) and no slippage either...absolutely perfect!I ordered the same size 9 for GW 3 and the fit is different like another review stated. Because of my high instep I feel tightness across the top of both feet my right in particular. This is the first time I sense a break-in period for me with this line.  I'm keeping them but will probably shop for more 2's in the future.I will update if these break-in to the level of comfort in fit that I've found in GW 2's right out of the box.If you do not have a high instep I HIGHLY recommend these shoes because the cushion factor has definitely been kicked up another notch in the GW 3 (which is why I gave a 4 instead of a 3).UPDATE: There was a very unexpected but brief break-in period for me. The overall length seems just a bit shorter than GW2 and the fit across the top of my foot is firm but it's no longer painful. The cushioned support is UNBELIEVABLE---raising my rating to a 5. I literally had no pain or fatigue at all in my feet after teaching all day---I have heel spurs weak ankles and wrestle with PF on and off----this is another GREAT shoe from the GW line!July 2015 UPDATE#2: This is kind of embarrassing but hopefully worth knowing if you go sock-less in your GW's like I do. This particular GW3 model which I have in both beige and black gets stinky. Both colors get stinky.  I have a huge collection (GW2 Hypo being my favorite and most worn) so I don't wear them day after day---they're rotated----regularly------with air-dry time (not boxed up)-----and well they stink.  Not across-the-room stink but they have an odor that my other GW2's that are older have not developed. Going back to 4 stars because I still like them for their insanely comfortable "cushion factor." May try them with sock liners.