I am 51 and recently started working in a whole food market on concrete floors a few days a week - we work hard and fast 8 to 9 hours a day - my feet were hurting bad - like burning type of pain - I decided to talk to a few other ladies my age (50's) at the place of work - one lady overheard us in shipping and she said - go next door and buy these - you will not be disappointed.  Two of us went on our lunch break.  The foam was such a pleasant surprise!  Now my feet were still hurting for a few days while wearing these (I was still recovering from the pain-it doesn't disappear that quickly) but it was a different hurt - it was a worked/tired sort of hurting from moving fast for hours at a time on concrete.  Now it has been a week and I've worn these for a total of 4 straight 9 hour days at work and I love them!  I want more - I'm waiting on them to offer them in a hunter green or a shade of green as it would match my work outfit.  I bought the navy blue/hot pink ones in the size the shoe store said I wore.  What is interesting is they said these were not offered in wide or B's or E's etc. but on here they show that they are offered in B's and E's and I would order the B since I have wide feet and high arches.My tip: is I wear performance socks with these - the type they advise people with diabetes to wear.  I do not have diabetes but my feet/ankles will swell and hold fluid due to poor circulation (just hereditary) after being on concrete all day so the performance socks squeeze my legs and help with circulation and make these super easy to slip on and off.I really appreciate the foam feel of these - very soft/squishy - really like these and I'm so glad I listened to another co-worker and tried these.  They are worth it to me because I have noticed a huge difference in my performance at work now that I'm not limping and trying to get through the last couple hours of work.  My feet are still sore but that is from a long day of hard work.These are worth it and I want more in a variety of colors.I bought these at a local shoe store  I am attaching a photo showing the shoe on one foot with the performance sock on and the other shoe beside it to shoe the inside of shoe