About 25 years ago I received my first SLR camera. It was a Vivitar V-2000 camera. It was a 35mm clone of the Pentax K1000 which was the standard for hobbyist photographers almost from its first release in 1976.Roughly ten years ago I was looking to get into the digital SLR game. I had two options and I chose the Pentax K10D over the equivalent Canon at the time. That K10D served me well. The fact that I could use my old Vivitar lens with the new camera was just icing on the cake. Over the last decade I've gotten more and more serious about my photography. I'm still a hobbyist mind you but that doesn't mean I'll settle for less than the best. I have about a dozen lenses of various powers and speeds.When my phone's camera had the same number of megapixels as my primary digital camera I realized it was time to upgrade.  I like Pentax cameras and I love Pentax lenses so I quickly narrowed it down to the K-3 and the K-3II.  There are a host of small differences between the two but the most important difference is the flash vs the GPS.  The K-3 has a little pop-up flash. The K-3II replaces that with a GPS logger.If you're just getting started and don't have an external flash already you may still want to consider the K-3. If you're getting this for family photos at holiday gatherings you may want to consider the K-3. But if you're serious and are buying the camera as a tool instead of as a toy then I can without hesitation recommend the K-3II. But I'd still suggest you take a look at the K-3 to see if it does what you need it to do.Remember also that the lens you choose will make a significant different for you as well.I was surprised at how well the autofocus was able to find (and focus on) my black cat. The K10D would focus and refocus and refocus over and over as it tried to find the cat.  This had no problems at all.The attached photos were taken with the Pentax DA 50mm f1.8 lens for Pentax DSLR Cameras. I threw the aperture wide open and used autofocus and auto white balance just as a test.  I'm very pleased with the results.