As others have mentioned in reviews quality at Carhartt at least for these t-shirts is all over the place depending somewhat on the color chosen (which in turn seems to come from various countries of manafacture).  I have some of these shirts purchased a little over a year ago that are heavy weight and fit the way I think they should with just the right amount of untucked length--not too short not too long-but I continue to be disappointed in the way the newer shirts fit and the quality thereof.I buy XL shirts and wear these constantly for work and outside of work.  I hate the fit of many of the newer ones that I've bought:  the shirts are far too long--much longer than the first ones I bought a year or so ago--and this is annoying for leaving them untucked.  Who wants a shirt hanging past your jean pockets?  Maybe you do but I don't and the point isn't the length as much as the fact that it's not the same as it used to be.  Too long.  My original shirts are just the right length and I expect the size and length of subsequent purchases to be the same (why should it be different; yet it is).And the quality and "hand" of the material used to make the shirt has changed and also varies depending on where that particular shirt was manufactured (could be Mexico or various places in the far east or Indonesia etc).I look to Carhartt for solid quality and heavy workwear.  It's extremely disappointing to find that they like seemingly all garment manufacturers keep reducing the quality of the products and hoping we don't notice--or perhaps they know we're stuck because every other shirt manufacturer is even worse.  I hate thin cotton t-shirts and other than Carhartt I don't know where to turn but if I could find something else I'd buy it in a heartbeat.Note:  this applies to the long sleeves specifically but some of the short sleeve versions of this shirt that I also buy and wear are even worse in terms of excess gangster-type shirt length and thin cheap-feeling material.Carhartt:  pick up your game!!  We notice the diminishing quality and aren't going to accept it much longer.  There must be an alternative and when I find it I'll be all done with Carhartt.  Sorry but it's your fault.