I have been wearing these Dickies for about 15 years not just Dickies but these exact Dickies. The loose fit double knee with multi use pocket and fat belt loops. I am finally retiring a pair that I have had for 10 years In fact Im not even retiring them I'm just not wearing them in public any more due to all the holes and tears. I haven't changed pant size since high school so I can literally wear clothes down to the threads. Plus I'm a cheap skate and don't like to spend money on clothes.These aren't like other Dickies. Like the ones you find at stores like say Wal-Mart. They may be labeled the same but they aren't. That's not to say you can't buy these at stores just be careful. There are cheap versions of these that are labeled the same but in fact are of a much lower quality. These pants are thicker heavier duty more comfortable better fit and longer lasting. You can tell the difference easily if you look. These pants have a wider belt loop than the cheap ones These feel a bit thicker and they say "loose fit" on the inside of the waist band.For me the fit is as expected. Of course I've been wearing these so long I don't need to try them on before buying. They are relaxed fit. If you normally wear say a 31" waist regular this will be loose and will require a belt (or sagging - to each his own). They are not so baggy to be obnoxious. They are the prefect "looseness". Also the bottom of the legs is not like other Dickies or other pants generally speaking. They really don't taper at all so they cover the shoe nicely. I wear a 10.5 shoe and with bare feet I can bend my toes up and fit my foot inside the bottom of the pant leg (straight across). I like this feature because I can wear my work boots and have the pant legs cover up most of the boot keeping them cleaner.The pants really hold up well even in working environments wearing them every day. They hold up to just about everything except fire. Fire will put holes in them quickly. Chemicals and stains are for the most part no match for these pants. They will stain of course with the right substance and without proper washing techniques. No big deal to be expected. Fabric softener will drastically reduce the life of your pants. I don't use it for this reason. i like my Dickies a "little stiff". They come stiff as a board but after one wash they are good for me.I guess that's it. Great long lasting pants that look and fit better than any other...in my opinion.