Although I know my review will fall between the other high-rated ones eventually I thought i'd share my positive experiences with this camera.PROS:-Price. $500 is cheap in comparison to other similar (albeit lower quality) cameras like the Canon Rebel T3i 60D or even the newer T5i.-Build Quality. This camera is built in Thailand to the extent of my knowledge but the quality control on mine is absolutely incredible. Doesn't feel cheap or flimsy. Has nice grips and a comfortable weight to it. Not an overly bulky camera either.-Image quality/sensor. At $500 you get a true 24.2 megapixel DSLR camera. SnapSort in their comparison of the D3200 vs its direct competitor the Canon Rebel T3i 18 megapixel DSLR stated that the image quality on the D3200 is over 20% better as attributed to the D3200's 10% larger image sensor and higher true megapixel count which accounts for 30% more detail in photos. The image sensor is very high quality and this camera consistently takes incredible pictures. I'm not a professional photography by any means this is simply a great hobby of mine but I am a perfectionist about pictures. The ability to easily take awesome pictures with this camera is second to none.-Ease of use. I am an amateur photographer who was looking for a nice upgrade and I made sure to do my homework when it came to selecting a camera. I ended up on this camera because of what everybody else said it's ease of use was a major selling factor in the purchase. I've had this camera for a few weeks and I still haven't even figured out everything it's capable of-- there's quite a bit! But the guide mode helps you with some basic and advanced photography.-Nice lens kit. Out of the box I'll admit the 18-55mm is quite limited in what it can do especially as somebody who enjoys macrophotography but it'll be able to do most of the shots you'd like to take. The VR feature is nice as well.-Nikon brand quality. As always Nikon has delivered a high quality product. I've owned a few Nikon products before and they've never failed me. I prefer Nikons to Canons in the world of DSLRs anyway.-Ability to save as JPG/Raw.-Out of the box: comes with body lens strap battery and charger etc.CONS:-I can't really seem to think of any that aren't dumb little nitpicks.Final thoughts: This camera is perfect for the beginner and good enough for the master. It does it all!