Request: ladies please review your pants with this level of detail. Help us all out. Pants online are hard to fit!This review is for Lee relaxed fit flexible comfort waistband "(sits) at the waist". Size "6Short". 98%cotton. 2%spandex. RN 130273.The RN is the topmost number on the inner tag which identifies this specific cut.  Other numbers on the inner tag designate size and color differences for this RN.First part of review does NOT apply to NOMAD. See end of this review for NOMAD.The "Authentic Dark" has a barely detectable undertone of white or lighter blue. It is virtually solid blue-black. It is marked "made in Mexico " and is 98% cotton and 2% spandex.The "Authentic Nordic" is a nice dark blue-lighter than the "Auth Dark" but still a dressy dark.  Also "Authentic Nordic" has that traditional white undertone-contrast.  HOWEVER what is not apparent in the online ad for the Nordic is that the fronts of the thighs are sandblasted lighter. Totally ruins the dressy look. Authentic Nordic is marked "made in Mexico of US fabric". Also 98%cotton 2% spandex.Both Nordic 6S and Dark 6S have a 30 inch inseam as do all of my prior RN 130273's.Rise on all my colors : 10.5 from "crotch Seam joint" to top of front waistband. Hits me below belly button.Rise from "crotch seam joint" up to the BACK of the waistband is 15".So the back of the pant has room for "booty round out" and puts the back waistband a bit higher (1" or so) than the front. The waistband does not gap-even without a belt. A blessing for me!ME:I am 5'4" and weigh 144lbs.I have the "hourglass shape".My waist just below belly button where waistband hits is 31".My hipbone circumference is 37".My "biggest booty around" is 41.5.My max thigh is 21".My Leg Inseam is 29". (I buy 30"inseam)I have the RN 130273 in 4 other colors and all ft me fabulous and have the 30" inseam.JEANS:On the jeans: (measured laying "flat x 2" and does not take any "stretch" into account.)The calf width on the 6S is 15.5 inches.The bottom leg opening on this pant is 15.5".There is a traditional 1/2 inch 3-layer sewn hem. Not an "inch wide" like some other styles.The max thigh width on the 6S is 22 inches.Waistband is 30" but there is about 1-1.5" of available stretch. I measure 31" where the waistband hits.30" waistband (and other pant measurements) calculated by laying the pants flat and measuring from side seam to side seam then "times two...15x2=30".So the 6S  fits me perfectly. Nice curve skimming but not "tight-glued-SNUG".  No sausage looks  and not too loose at end of the day.  Some pants with spandex are a baggy mess at the end of the day. I have not found that with this style/cut/brand.There is no room for letting this pant out.5 belt loops. Button waist with zipper. 5 pockets. Back pockets are external patch pockets. They sit high enough to not be on the biggest bum area.Front pockets are traditional curve-not those straight "slash" pockets. All pockets are usable not just for decoration".I wash all jeans/pants inside out in cold gentle and line dry.Since I do not use a heated dryer for jeans (or anything else but towels) I don't know if there is any heat shrinkage. I have not noticed any shrinkage with line drying.During the First wash I "fix" the colors by adding two cups of vinegar. Google it. It works.NOMAD: Grrrrr ZERO STARSVery disappointed in "Nomad" . Tight and way short -back they go.NOMAD marked made in Indonesia. Same RN 130273 but fit and size are  very different.Flat waist is 28".Inseam only 27.5 (if that)!Very uncomfortably skintight and very very short.  Even after wearing a while there wouldn't be enough "relax" with the spandex that they will ever be comfortable.Tag style is also noticeably different (see photos) for the inside tag and the paper sales tags.The NOMAD is marked "made in Indonesia"98%cotton 2% spandex.Only color (to date) marked "Indonesia"All others "made in Mexico"Ok new color received. Premium Dark. Different fabric like a stretch pant-not like a Jean! Fabric is 70% cotton 29%polyester and 1%spandex. The color is more towards "sky" blue. Brighter and more vibrant.Waist and thighs in the Premium Dark color are more snug. Uncomfortably so and hello muffin tops. Back they go.So two colors fitting like "in-store" purchases and for me norm to date are theAuthentic Nordic and Authentic Dark. I ordered Authentic Nike and hope it is same color as "Authentic Nordic" but without sandblasted thigh fronts.I added a photo with the leg of the "premium Dark" across the "Authentic Nordic-middle with lighter thigh area peeking through" and "Authentic Dark" the Blue-Black color on far right