Meh these are not at all the same as they used to be.  I should've listened to the other reviews.  They are too big around the waist and as I wear them the waist stretches more and more and after a few hours they are way too big on me.  If I was wearing these to work or on a date I'd be miserable.  The only reason I'm not returning them is I'm in desperate need of a pair of jeans.  They fit me in the hips but not in the waist.  That's nothing new but for them to keep stretching out as the day/night goes on is NOT good.They also attract A LOT of lint or pet hair!  So be warned.....if you are just going to a restaurant you're probably fine.  If you are going somewhere where there are pets or they let their pets on the furniture......forget it!! OR bring a pet lint roller with you cause you are going to need it....guaranteed!  I purchased the black and I have a white dog.  My other jeans do not attract pet hair at all so it's never been an issue regardless of the color of jeans. These have spandex in them so they attract it like the plague.  My last pair had spandex as well but only 1%.  Who knew that one more percent was going to ruin these jeans so badly.  Not bad to have the extra bit of stretchiness in the legs and hips but it is a nightmare to have in the waist.  I actually should've purchased another size down because of this.These are also too long in the legs.  The last 2-3 inches fit right under my feet if I am wearing flip flops.  Inevitably I end up walking  directly on the jeans inside of my flip flops! Annoying!  I am 5'3" and my other Lee Original jeans are a 15R or 16R ....it's faded so it's hard to read and they fit me perfectly.  I just wish I could buy them again but I can't find them anywhere.I am 35" in the waist and 45" in the hips. If this is your measurements go down one size.  They might be a tad tighter in the hips but they stretch and they will fit a lot better in the waist.  HOWEVER I still don't recommend them as the whole lint thing is extremely annoying!Edited to update 1/31/16:I HATE THESE JEANS!  The whole attracting pet hair has made these just literally impossible to wear.  I can't touch my dog he can't get near me or they get his hair all over me. These are a magnet for pet hair.  I had no idea how much I had on me til my brother started laughing uncontrollably and finally got it out that I had more hair on my rear than our dog has!!!  AWFUL! I wish I had returned them because I can't wear them anywhere.  :(*These jeans were a regular purchase not promotional. They might have been on sale at the time. I paid $26.35 plus tax.