5'8" male.  I usually stay way from Landau because they fit me horribly.  This pants actually fit pretty decent.  I got the color navy.I'd rate it more like 3.5 starsPros:- I like the fabric.  The cotton/polyester blend makes it comfortable to wear but can clean up well too.  The stretchyness of it is awesome.  I don't feel constricted as all.  I can bend down and not worry about my pants ripping.  I feel quite comfortable.- The belt loops.  The pants have drawstrings too but they aren't great.- I got the medium size fit and I'd say it has a straight leg profile which I am very happy about.  The fit is much better than Laudau's unisex brands (more baggy).- Decent pockets.  They have the two hand pockets two back pockets and two cargo pockets.Cons:- No short version.  I had to cut 3 inches off the bottom to make it fit me.  I normally wear 29-30" inseam pants.- The cargo pockets make me go WTF.  The left cargo pocket is on the anterior thigh.  It isn't comfortable to put flushes or my phone here.  I love putting my phone in the cargo pockets.  But since the pocket is on the front it makes walking awkward.  I would have preferred to to stick to the side of the leg.  I'd have to stick with carrying papers for this pocket and nothing heavier.  The right cargo pocket isn't any better.  It is small and the pocket opening is horizontal with an annoying velcro piece.  I normally carry flushes in my cargo pockets but I can't with these because of the way the opening is position.  I don't even know what I can use this pocket for.  The pocket opening makes it awkward to reach in and get stuff.  Even with the velcro I'd still be afraid of small items falling out.  The hand pockets are nice.  The opening is more vertical which makes it easy to grab stuff out of it.  The back left pocket is where my phone goes now.  The right pocket has the annoying velcro piece.- If you got something in your pockets (e.g. keys phone etc) and your skin rubs over the top of the pants it leaves skin scuff (more issue for dark colors).  Not a big deal but annoying if you want to look clean.- If you don't want to wear a belt they have a drawstring on the inner side of the pants.  It would have been nice if the drawstring was a little beefier.  I find that I still have to use a belt.Overall:My choices were limited due to my hospital requirements and there isn't many choices for men fit.  But at the end of the day it fits it's comfortable and it works.  I would say to give it a try.