I have owned a number of SLR and D-SLR cameras and have found a perfect match to my needs in the Nikon D750.I won't get into a comparison of brands - each brand has its merits. I chose the Nikon family because many of my original film SLRs were Nikon and I wanted to get even more use out of my lenses. My first Nikon D-SLR was the D90 followed by the D7100.  I loved both the D7100 even more so (which is fair given that it had several upgrades to the D90).The D750 is everything I've been waiting for. For a full-frame camera it is very reasonably-priced. The photo quality is excellent - with good lenses the images are sharp and the colours are beautiful and accurate.  Low-light photography is amazing - I am continually stunned at how sensitive the sensor is and how minimal the noise is at high ISOs.  I've used the camera for everything from fast-moving action shots (sports auto-racing) to meteor showers and everything in between including portraits and nature photography.  Images enlarged to poster size retain their sharpness and detail.I have greatly enjoyed the photo quality of the D7100 - it's a great DX camera that I highly recommend if you're looking for DX. Sorry you can't have mine because I'm keeping it!:)  I was eager to do some side-by-side comparisons with the D750.  Using the same lens I took photos with each camera and while pleased with the results of each the photos from the D750 were exceptional.  Much of the difference is likely due to the full-frame sensor and simply having so much more image to work with but I was also impressed with the outstanding clarity in low-light conditions which is surely a result of the updated CMOS.  I took some ambient outdoor photos during the last full moon using a tripod and was stunned by the detail in the D750 images.  And the photos of the full moon itself were astounding - they were so clear and detailed I wouldn't have been surprised to see an astronaut waving to me. :)The D750 has many features I've been longing for.- the tilt LCD is fantastic. I sometimes shoot using a monopod to get an angle above people's heads and the tilt LCD allows me to see what I'm getting. I recommend a wireless remote (Nikon or the AmazonBasics) or Nikon MC-DC2 remote release cord.- the built-in Wi-Fi has made it infinitely easier to go from camera to smartphone/tablet without needing to pull SD cards out of the camera and use a computer.  With the Nikon WMU app on your smartphone or tablet it takes only seconds to transfer images that you can then further proof email or post to social media.  I've transferred images in 1-2 seconds each.  You can also take photos on the D750 from your smartphone or tablet. (Be sure you have a fully charged battery to get the most out of the experience so you can have Live View appear on your device.)  I recently shot photos for a competitive event and people were amazed at both the quality and the speed of the photos I was posting to Twitter. Within seconds of taking a photo on the D750 I could have the image posted to social media.- Speed! 6.5 fps can capture a lot of action especially combined with the advanced auto focus features. I've been able to capture some amazing moments.- Face recognition- HD video is really fun and the quality is amazing! Even though the camera has reasonably good autofocus for video I do recommend using manual focus if only to avoid the noise form the auto-focus (if you're using an external microphone which I recommend this isn't as much of a consideration).  Most of the video I've taken has been in inherently noisy locations so the autofocus noise is barely discernible and can be easily removed in post-processing if desired.- Dual memory card slots are super convenient! I got spoiled by this feature in the D7100 and love that I can set it up so that raw goes on one card and JPEG on the other or have an automatic backup or even set it up for overflow so I never have to worry about filling up a card right before that vital shot.~ A couple of additional notes ~LENSES: Like many photographers I tend to find that lenses can have a greater impact on the quality of my photographs than the camera itself. It had been my intention to purchase a full-frame camera ultimately so I ensured that my lenses were FX even when I had DX cameras. This made the eventual upgrade to FX a much easier transition because I had lenses to choose from. (The DX lenses will work on the FX cameras but the sensor will only shoot as though it were DX so it's not taking full advantage of the FX sensor. The FX lenses work on the DX cameras so it's a good long-term strategy to invest in FX lenses even if you have DX bodies.) Invest in the best possible lens you can afford even if it may mean waiting to get a better camera body later.RAW/NEF:  the raw (NEF) format has been updated so you'll need to get an update to your image-processing software. (I use Adobe Photoshop CC and the current update is able to correctly process the NEF format.)MEMORY CARDS: Be sure to get high quality memory cards that have a Class 10 rating. This is the write speed. Given how fast you can take photos and video with this camera you'll appreciate having memory card that keep up. My personal favourites are SanDisk Extreme Pro (32GB or 64GB) that have a write speed of 95MB/s. They are also shockproof and waterproof."FLARE" - you may have seen reviews where people mention a problem with flare. Although this seems to have affected a very very small percentage of the original D750 and only under very specific conditions Nikon has made a correction so any D750 you buy now will not have an issue. If you happen across an older one Nikon will fix it.