20 months or so ago I purchased a pair of Bistro directly from the Crocs website and was supremely happy with my choice. At the time I followed other reviewers' advice to purchase the clogs 1 size smaller at 6 Women's/4 Men's than my usual size of 7 W/5 M. As mentioned I could not be happier with my Crocs which I still currently work in despite their falling apart soles. Compared to working in a busy kitchen environment with any other shoes (I work a lot!) my experience with my old Bistro clogs (made in China) was blissful. I also learned from other buyers that Crocs made in China are somewhat roomier than the ones made in Mexico. This turned out to be an important distinction. Fast forward to this recent purchase from ShoeBuy (the vendor) via Amazon these Crocs were made in Mexico (a fact not mentioned or the sizing difference explained in the product description). I cannot say anything about their wear outside of the sizing as these Crocs are too small for me to even put on. When I was making the purchase I actually tried to order in my correct size (7 W/5 M) but was advised by Amazon that based on my size and previous purchases to go for size 6 W/4 M. For the last week I have been trying unsuccessfully to return these too-small clogs to ShoeBuy (minus restocking fee) in order to repurchase Bistro in a larger size but that is another story.The takeaway moral of this tale is to(a) make sure you know the manufacturing source and provenance of the clogs (made in Mexico or China); and(b) avoid purchasing from ShoeBuy even if their prices may be slightly lower than other vendors. I requested a refund (minus restocking fee) and was promised a return shipping label within an hour twice once via email and the last time over the phone with their sales rep. Still no return shipping label after a week (I do know all about checking spam and other email folders).Avoid ShoeBuy avoid avoid! (but that is another story unrelated to the wear and sizing of Bistro Crocs (which I adore).