I am an enthusiast photographer interested in macro and nature photography in general. The first camera I used was a Nikon D300 with the 18-200mm. After some years decided to have a new camera and made a lot of internet research and I mean A LOT. I wanted the best quality images I could get that my wallet could afford. I started to see full frame bodies as an option but price was a restrictive issue considering the whole package including good glass for a macro a wide angle and a telephoto. While “surfing” I started to read about Fujifilm there were interesting opinions about the great image quality and the amazing color rendering they produce but not so many about its autofocus. Besides this everything else was somehow aligned with my requirements. Then the X-T1 was announce and immediately grab my attention for the autofocus speed upgrade they introduced in this model and maybe because of my DSLR background that it is reassembled on this lineup finally I jumped to the Fujifilm with the X-T1. Really a new hole dimension on image quality and color rendering. Loved the camera and after a couple of years later saw myself fully committed to this Fuji ecosystem having great glass for all my interests.Then the X-T2 was announced with a bigger sensor better autofocus better ISO better shutter speed with a very useful focus stick selector double memory card slots grip with 2 additional batteries and more. I immediately sold the X-T1 in order to have cash and order the X-T2 that I have for a couple of months now. The bigger knobs are also a great addition such a pleasure to use the dials and I did not start using film cameras it just make more sense than Aperture and Shutter priority.The Cons still waiting for good lighting system still waiting for a better macro lens (picture of butterfly taken with the Zeiss 50 f/2.8) no touchscreen yet still pricy software support still behind canikon still waiting for tethering support.(Picture of butterfly taken with the Carl Zeiss 50mm f/2.8 the toucan with the XF 100-400).