Let me start by saying I have been a Fuji shooter for almost 4 years now.  It started with the X100S which I absolutely loved!  I then bought an X-T1 and a bunch of lenses and ditched my Canon gear.  The X100S was replaced with an X100T and two months ago the X-T2 was added to the stable.  I still love the X-T1 but it has now been relegated to backup in case there is an issue with the X-T2 when shooting professionally.The good....BUILD QUALITYThe X-T1 compared to the X-T2 seems like a beta version of the camera at least in terms of build quality.  The build quality on the X-T2 is magnificent.  The dials feel much more solid and the fact that you can lock them down is a big improvement over the dials on the X-T1.  Even the doors on the side for the card reader and the ports are more solid than the X-T1.DUAL CARD SLOTHooray!  Now I can shoot both RAW/JPEG Continuous or backup.  I shoot RAW and JPEG but it is nice to know if I wanted to shoot continuous I can fill one card before the camera starts writing to the other card.  If I was only shooting RAW and needed a backup I am covered!  Never had a card fail on me yet...but it is nice to know I am covered if one does fail.JOYSTICKThe joystick is the single best feature Fuji has introduced.  It took a while to get used to not hitting the directional pad to change the focus point.  Once I got used to the joystick it has become a pleasure to use.  If the X100F gets the joystick I may have to upgrade from the T.AUTOFOCUSThe autofocus runs circles around the X-T1.  The custom settings make shooting action a breeze!  I am still astounded by how well the continuous auto focus performs.5 STOP EXPOSURE COMPENSATIONSet the exposure compensation to "C" and you can get two more stops than the X-T1.2 STOP EXPOSURE BRACKETINGPerfect for my needs.  The X-T1 has 1 stop exposure bracketing which was pretty worthless for me when I shoot real estate.  I prefer to shoot interiors with off camera lights.  Expose for the windows and fill the room with artificial light.  Some assignments there are too many reflective surfaces and exposure bracketing comes into play.  In this scenario for my needs 2 stops works fine.MICRO USB CHARGINGLove this feature on the X100T and it is welcome on the X-T2.  When traveling I prefer to charge the battery in camera rather than bringing the charger along.  I usually carry a few extra batteries with me...as long as I can charge one battery in camera at night I am good to go.24MP X-Trans CMOS III sensorThe new sensor is absolutely fantastic!4K videoI never shot video with any of my Fuji cameras.  After testing out the 4K video capabilities that has changed.  The video quality is perfect for my needs...quite stunning!The bad...So far my only complaint is the WIFI has been a bit spotty.  I have had some trouble connecting the camera to my iPhone 6.  I have never had a problem with the X-T1.  I am not sure if this is an app issue or perhaps a firmware fix.  I have managed to connect my camera to phone every time but more often than not is has taken me multiple attempts.That is really about it in terms of bad.  If you are thinking about this camera do not hesitate...buy it...it is FANTASTIC!!!!!