This is a great camera. I've been following Fujifilm for some time and just knew this was the time to make the move (out of respect for the camera systems I've used before I won't mention them and they served me well in the past). Between the reasonably priced lenses the great picture/image quality and finally the ease of use of this camera is just outstanding. The fact that I've been following photographers on instagram that are fujifilm users just solidified the X-T2 was the one to jump in with. And shooting both RAW and jpeg at the same time on two separate cards gives me some peace of mind that card failure won't lose all my photos (happened to me once and lost some great photos).I did not get the kit lens. I'm either wide angle landscape street or close up action photography from a distance (think safari in Africa here where I can be easily a kilometer away from the animals I'm photographing).A couple of my notes. I need geo tagging of photographs so got the Fujifilm Camera Remote app for my Android and that seems to be working (update: nope it only records initial position. Had to get another android app that records GPS and then integrate that into photos in LR. And even that is not accurate sigh). The camera even flashes a red icon (had to look it up) that told me the geotagging data was stale (this was after getting home and downloading some photos). I also transferred a few photos to my Android for my wife (she needed some photos for a meeting) which was a total breeze. [edit Oct 18 2016] I've since converted to using a gps logger app on my Android and marrying the track data to the photos in Lightroom.One annoyance was constantly hunting for the "wireless communications" setting (in order to use the Android app for geotagging) which was X-T2 menu button then left down down down then right down down down down down... you get the picture. I replaced the white balance function button to be wireless communication as my kind of photography doesn't mess with the white balance as much as I need geotagging. I put the phone into geotagging mode and I'm set. What I'm still not clear on is if I need to leave the app running on the phone. I do and I put the phone screen to sleep.Speaking of function buttons I love how these interact with the camera and can even override the manual dials (for like the AF setting). The various film modes is also nice and since I also do a lot of B&W the Archos setting is going to be a frequent switch for me. And it is fairly easy to switch button functions so I suspect I may be customizing the buttons as I gain more experience with the X-T2.I started with the 18-135mm lens. I'll probably get a couple of primes for street photography and landscapes then find something for truly long distance photography (definitely before my next safari trip).I'm also going to get the grip. When it comes to action/sports I can see having the extra boost in shots being a potential winner for me getting that one shot I need. And when I'm on an all day shoot it will certainly not hurt having the extra battery power in the grip. [Edit Oct 18 2016 Got the grip and loving it. It does not come with batteries so order those too. But the grip makes this camera last longer too. I was surprised how quickly the camera ran out of battery juice just in a few hours of shooting].The fact that AF can be locked and override autofocus was also a draw for me. [edit Oct 18 2016 in AF+MF you can use the manual focus ring to adjust focus which is useful in macro mode if the camera is focusing on the wrong part of the frame. ]Operation wise this camera rocks. I have not noticed any lag in any operation I've played with (wireless seems a little slower than it should be but I don't know if that is the Android app or the X-T2 or the combination of the two). Auto focus is not only fast but the shutter button to photo is near instantaneous. And I love the electronic viewfinder. LCD panels on the back are all nice and fine up until I can't see diddly because the sun is in the wrong spot and no manner of mucking with the screen position helps me see what is in the viewfinder. Being able to put my eye (wearing my glasses) right up there and compose and shoot is priceless.The manual dial locks are great as I am the kind of photographer than spins dials unintentionally because I am clumsy. The one dial that doesn't lock I've already managed to turn from zero.The only thing I'm not thrilled with is the camera neck strap. I may reuse an older longer strap as I like my camera to hang further down than my midsection. [edit ended up with BlackRapid R-sport strap]