This is a fantastic camera and a great first DSLR. I say that because if it is your first you will not be comparing the control layout with your old XXD or XXXD and that seems to be an issue with some.Most of my shooting is in M or Av mode. I find the controls easy to work with and use the top LED and control buttons almost exclusively but now and then I'll use the q-menu. Over all I find the controls easy to use.The 18-200 kit lens is useful for outdoor shooting but for indoor stuff you will want a better prime. I went with an older version of the "nifty fifty" with the metal mount and range meter. Since this is a crop sensor camera a 50mm lens behaves like an 80mm so I find myself needing to back away from my subject often. I think a prime in the 20-30mm range and f/1.4 would be useful in a lot of situations. In general you should determine why you are buying the camera. If you want to take lots of outdoor shots (birds wildlife etc) get the body only and buy a nice 300M zoom. If you are going to take lots of indoor shots (family gatherings baby etc) get the body only and a wide aperture prime in the 20-50MM range (a wide aperture lets more light in so you don't need a flash as often and yields that nice soft focus "bokeh" effect). If you want to be ready to shoot a variety of situations right out of the box and don't mind using the flash indoors then pick a kit lens and go with it. I would not recommend the 18-55 kit lens though...you will bump against its limitations very quickly even if you are a beginner like me.Video on this thing is amazing and I didn't even consider that when I bought the camera! Beware file size though. 2 minutes of 1080 @ 30FPS left me with an 800+meg .mov file. I think there is a 4 GB limit on video file size so figure you will get 5 minutes of continuous shooting at that definition and frame rate. That will be enough for most applications unless you are filming a wedding or childbirth and don't want to stop shooting in which case you could film at 720p or standard definition.Playback through the included cable is so so so get yourself a mini HDMI to HDMI cable on Amazon or Monoprice (should cost $5-$10) and prepare yourself to be amazed by the resolution and image quality. I would also recommend a program called Any Video Converter which enables you to change the resolution and format of your video to suit different hardware (iphones droids youtube etc). Imagine uploading a 4GB file to YouTube for example. You can download the program for free and then pay $40 bucks to be able to use the full menu set.The only negative about this camera is that the auto focus in video mode and live view mode is borderline useless. In live view mode it is so slow that everyone else would have got the shot with their point and shoot cameras before the 60D settles down and takes the picture. As for Video I don't think AF works once you start shooting so if you zoom or your subject moves you have to stay on top of it. I don't shoot in live view mode and I am getting the hang of manual focus during Video (it is actually a creative outlet) so I'm fine with these shortcomings. From what I can tell they are software based and related to the video codec...so it is possible that a firmware upgrade will address these issues.