I think the Canon 60d is a magnificent camera. It takes great images in even the most difficult settings. It has a wonderful grip which makes it very comfortable and secure to hold.  It does not weigh too much with the basic 18-55 kit lens but with longer zooms it is a handful.  It focuses very quickly stores the image quickly on a high speed SD card (you buy) The high speed capture allows 5 shots per second.  The many options available make even the most difficult to take images possible.  I rated this camera 5 stars because it is a true 5 star super Rebel camera that has everything any non pro could ever want. It is missing some of the great new features that have been added to the Canon T4i and newer Canon T5i like the fabulous touch screen LCD.You do get a full user manual unlike the standard rebels. This is very helpful and it is small enough to carry in a dSLR bag.  Right now Amazon is selling the body for almost half the price I paid for my original Rebel and it is an good bargain. Many will be tempted to buy the newer T4i model which now is about the same price. The t4i may have some newer features and better video performance so it may be a very difficult decision for some to choose which way to go.  If you are a beginner looking at this camera for your first purchase of a dSLR may not a good choice.  I would stick with an entry level Canon or Nikon dSLR camera because it will take just as good images and be much easier to learn the basics. I think you can learn faster with a more simplified interface and lighter camera. If you find you really love photography it will be much easier the second time around to choose a more competent camera which will have more features and will probably cost less to buy in the future.The Canon 60d matched with a nice lens is possible to get superior images of macro objects very low light scenes with image quality not possible with the smaller sensor cameras.  However I must admit now I will not take this camera on a trip because of total weight with lenses and body.  This is always a personal decision everyone has to make when packing for a trip. I find a super zoom (bridge camera) like the Canon SX50 or the Panasonic FZ200 and subcompacts such as Canon S95 or S110 are easier to take anywhere and allow more candid photos.Things I like about the Canon 60D which are not available with the entry level Ti series.1. Extra info LCD display on top which gives extra helpful info but not easy to see in dark settingit has weak light which helps a little2. Great button placement and many individual controls for ISO Drive exposure etc3. Better and brighter viewfinder with pentaprism.4. Wireless flash control  more flash options5. Q menu allow quick change of functions... T4i has this with touch screen6. Longer battery life. Can take a huge number of images 500 plus before needing to recharge battery7. Many more custom settings allowed. They can easily be reset8. Electronic level helps keep horizon level helpful especially when on tripod.9. Many extra features and options in the menu system.10. Better grip camera is larger and easier to handle especially with a larger lens.11.  Better build quality than entry level or ti series.12.  Some weather sealing but not pro level. More robust than ti series but less than pro models which have magnesium frames. This doesn't have it.13.  Very fast focusing and display14.  Many more options than available to entry level models.Things not so great. I am struggling to find complaints so here are a few weak arguments.1.  60D has not been updated for almost 2 years. a new model will be out soon.2.  Camera is larger and heavier than ti series.3.  The LCD display is difficult to view in some lighting situations could be larger4.  No touch screen gps or other newer features found on newer cameras which might be on upgraded model at a higher price.Canon wisely steered this model to the Amateur who wants a little more Camera but does not need a professional model with Magnesium frame and fully weatherproofed with a giant sensor extra processors and a camera that can be used and abused. The 60D uses a poly-carbonate frame like the other rebels. It's strong enough and tough enough for 97% of us taking pictures. It probably has enough to satisfy anyone maybe even the pros who may chose to buy it as a second or third body.If you are trying to decide whether to buy this camera over the T4i the T4i has the edge because it has been upgraded to have many newer capabilities beyond the Canon 60D. The advanced amateur semipro and pro would probably be better off with the 60D primarily because of better ergonomics build quality weather sealing better viewfinder and more customization. The novice photographer to advanced photographer might be better of with the T41 with its many great new features. Both take great images with  a good lens (glass).What lenses to buy?The kit lens is OK starter lens and has the advantage of cost and lightness. Choosing a good lens is probably the most difficult decision in photography. The kit lenses offered by Canon for their cameras are a good start. Buying the Canon F1.8 is a no brainer because it's the best buy in lenses today.This review is about the Canon 60D but I mentioned the T4i which I also bought. You may wonder which I like better. I haven't decided yet because they are both great cameras and you can't go wrong with either. I hope this review has helped in your decision making.