I have a few workshirts that I've bought from Carhartt but they were all a bit too thick for summer wear. I like to wear a shirt unbuttoned with sleeves rolled up with a t-shirt underneath but the Carhartt shirts are all a bit too thick for summer. Due to this I decided to give these Dickies shirts a try. I'm glad I did. Since this was my first time buying these shirts I bought 1 in the dark navy color and the color is accurate to the one displayed in the picture.Price: 5/5The price is extremely accurate to the quality. $20 for this shirt seems like a steal. With a price like that I can get a variety of colors without putting as big of a hole in my wallet.Quality: 4/5For the price I can't complain. They are lower than quality than Carhartt shirts but you get what you pay for. Although it is lower in quality than the Carhartt shirts they seem very sturdy and seem like they will last a while. When I opened it there were a few tattered strings hanging loose but no big deal just cut em' off. The stitching quality is not amazing but enough to keep this shirt together for what looks like a long time to come.Looks: 5/5These have a bit of shine to them. Carhartt shirts have a bit of a matte type reflection but these have a slight gleam cause of the polyester mix in the cotton. These are awesome for doing work and just wearing as a dress shirt. Sturdy AND fashionable.Comfortability: 4/5These are a bit "scratchy" as compared to the Carhartt shirts. Carhartt shirts are extremely comfortable but these are a little rough but that's not a biggy on me. It feels much thinner than a Carhartt shirt but a tad bit more heftier than a dress shirt.Fit: TRUE to sizeI'm on the slim size. For reference I wear small (sometimes medium) t-shirts. I ordered a small and it fit me great. Not baggy not tight a little room which is what I was looking for. Compared to a Carhartt they don't run big like the Carhartts do Carhartts are a little baggy on me which is fine for the winter.Function: 5/5These are extremely sturdy for the price and don't look like they will fall apart anytime soon. I'm not gonna say they're waterproof but they seem somewhat water-resistant as water tends to bead up on it.Overall I'm very happy with my first purchase of these shirts and will definitely add more colors to my work shirts wordrobe. I would definitely recommend at least giving these shirts a try.