I ordered the Canon 60D from Celltime (through amazon) as a factory refurbished unit.  I prefer to buy refurbished when possible.  I like that the product has been completely tested rather than hoping that it came off the assembly line in perfect condition.  It arrived as described and works flawlessly.  I had no trouble at all with the purchase and the delivery was on schedule.  I did a lot of research prior to my purchase as I wanted a full-frame dslr.  Since photography is a part time job for me I wanted a good quality camera that wouldn't break the bank.  Unfortunately a 5D MkII was just out of my budget and a 5D Classic is a still a great camera but is getting long in the tooth and has known mirror issues.  Coupled with the fact that I would have to replace all my lenses I decided to stay with a crop body.  For the type of shooting I do I saw no real benefit to going with the 7D.  I don't need the extra fps and the "build quality" argument a joke in my opinion.  When I think about all the "plastic" power tools that I own it really becomes clear.I have been using the 60D for a while now and am pleased with it's operation.  I was upgrading from a 1000D (Rebel XS)and find the auto-focus to be considerably better and the low-light performance to be very good too.  I really like the auto ISO with limit function.  I also like the 1/3 stop ISO intervals. The rotating LCD is nice but I rarely use it. I would not pick this camera just for that feature.  I always shoot raw so the scene modes and other fluff are unimportant to me.  The size and button layout work well for me.  I use back-button focus and had to spend a bit of time retraining my thumb to account for the extra buttons the 60D has that the XS didn't.For me it is all about function.  This camera does what I need and does it quite well.  It has a ton of stuff that I don't need but that is easy enough to work around.  I find the IQ to be very good especially coupled with my Sigma 17-50 f2.8.  A fantastic combo. Bottom line: a great camera at a good price.