I've had this about two weeks now. At first I had trouble with the cloud setup when setting it up for the first time....very annoying and I ended up pressing the power button after being stuck on an advertisement screen for cloud storage. Luckly  it fixed itself and resumed setup normally. Since then no trouble's. Some things I don't like is the material surrounding the touchpad and keyboard. It shows oil marks from hands and absorbs it a bit. Though it does clean up and feels good it's just a sub par material if your a clean freak. The keypad has a soft mushy spot in the middle which I don't really like but has caused no problems. I also don't care too much for the touch pad although it gets the job done. Just the one piece design some times does not do what you want. Have to take extra care of finger placement. That's about it for the bad stuff Now the good. Computer is pretty fast at loading content if your on a 5ghz signal at least. The screen has very good color and is capable of playing upscaled 4k video (screen is 1080 p) at "decent" frame rates it seems which looks great. Best screen I've ever hard the pleasure of viewing though there is better i'am sure but probably not at this price. I love the backlit keyboard !! Manufacturers should of been doing this a long time ago ! I have also gamed on it a little bit. This computer can handle most of the last gen console games like left for dead half life call of duty mw3 and world at war on good settings. As far as online not sure but some bench marks showed games like battlefield 3/4 would really strain it with 64 players but something like call of duty mw3 should run decent. Having a dedicated graphics card in a laptop will cost ya a couple hundred more than this so keep that in mind.  For the 400 to 500 dollar range this computer cannot be beat as of right now from my research. It's chuck full of feature's like facial recognition camera to sign in instead of a password backlit key board touch screen hd screen A 6200u processor which is plenty strong for multi tasking and video 8 gigs of ram and one terabyte hard drive which is way more than enough for most people.