This is a great all around laptop if you are trying to find something in the budget range under $350.At the time of this review there are no i3 7th gen 2.4GHz laptops that offer 1TB hard drives 32GB max memory or 1920 x 1080 screens. Other things that I found on this model that are not on similarly priced units are RJ-45 ports (most units are wireless only) Dual-Band 2.4GHz & 5GHz wi-fi capable or have backlit keyboards.Few models in this price range have built in optical drives 3.1 USB port SD reader or battery life claims of up to 12hrs like this Acer  E575 Sig Ed laptop.The computer does have a plastic feel to it but no stranger than the plastic feel of an LG4 or Samsung Galaxy phone. Carrying the laptop it feels sleek and solid. Accessing the RAM or HD is as simple as unscrewing a panel under the laptop.Honestly I do not know how the computer runs with 4GB RAM because I bought a 16GB stick of RAM and now have 20GB. That and the usual "How Can I make Windows 10 run faster" tweaks make this laptop very responsive and meet my daughter's personal and academic needs.The last laptop I bought her was in 2006 an HP HDX-18t CoreDuo 1.8GHZ Vista laptop. It lasted 10 years up to her senior year in HS and just died.  It cost about 3x more had 2hrs battery life and weighed 6+lbs. With college coming next fall I needed something to meet her needs and my budget. Her current uses for this laptop are web surfing Netflix/Youtube binge watching Internet Radio Skyping heavy Excel sheets (+50 pages & calculations or more) Matlab SPSS Statistics 20 for Windows.Although this is a budget laptop it does not stick out in appearance or performance when she's studying with friends that have expensive Apple laptops or higher end notebooks. It isn't a gaming laptop but she does run BlueStacks to play some Android games.You've got to be crazy to pass on this laptop if the main selling point for you is having 1yr MS Office or not like I have read in other reviews. Libre Office is free and the hardware is a good value. Maybe later this year or next year (it's Oct 2016) competitors will come out with more comparative offerings but if you need a notebook >now<  this is your best bet.Two criticisms my daughter does have about this model is 1) the palm rest (area below the keyboard) attracts fingerprints and is showing some wear. Would be nice it it were textured like the exterior of the laptop.2) If the RJ-45 port cover could flex retract or hinge more. It's a very tight fit and feels like the port cover will snap in two every time it is pushed down.Hope this review helps people who don't have much to spend thanks Acer for putting good value in the market!