This is just  "First Impressions" review as I just got the laptop yesterday.  That said I will speak at length about the value of this computer.As with any new Windows 10 installation the Acer required quite a bit of time before it was ready for use.  After answering a few questions (pay special attention to the security and privacy options) I had to wait for a slew of updates.  While not unexpected during this process the laptop was essentially unusable.  After many updates and about six restarts over the course of a couple hours it was good to go.One of the first things I noticed about the way it ran was the fact that was at or near 100% HD utilization much of the time.  That means it was constantly accessing the HD.  This by the way was after the updates were done.  Part of this was due to Windows indexing the drive part was due to the fact that Windows 10 isn't always great at dynamically creating the Virtual RAM swap space.  After I changed it (4096 minimum 8192 maximum) in the Advanced System Settings it started working quite smoothly.  I've ordered another stick of RAM to double what it already has so that will also help.While waiting for the updates I checked it out physically.  The screen at the very top edge has a seam between the front and back panel.  That seam is almost big enough to get a fingernail in there and it's sharp enough to scrape me when I run my hand across it.  That's a bit concerning but not at all different from my last mid-price laptop (an HP DV6 from about four years ago).  It speaks to the fit and finish of the unit though and I'm concerned that it will eventually turn from a seam into a gap.  The last thing I want to have to do is tape my new laptop.Also I noticed the USB port on the right side of the unit will shock me if I touch it.  That's an issue I've seen on phones and laptops before.  Often this is due to a short but sometimes it's just the way the port was designed.  I don't like that and will be examining it further.The trackpad is one of those that doesn't have separate buttons but instead allows you to push it in to "left click".  It also has the areas on the bottom of the trackpad for left-button and right-button operations.  While it works quite well I prefer having separate buttons.  Of course I knew by the pictures that this would be the case so it's not a surprise.The keyboard is fine.  It's backlit in a way but the backlighting seems a little bit like an afterthought.  The backlighting does time-out if you're not using the keyboard for a minute or so.  Be prepared for that as the backlight will come back on the moment you start typing again.While I planned on installing an SSD in the M.2 slot I noticed that (like others) the slot didn't come with a standoff and a screw to hold the SSD drive in place.  There is a little plastic cover over the chip that's underneath the slot and the screw-holes are present in the motherboard so it's likely that the motherboard manufacturer anticipated the slot to be used.  That said without the screw and the standoff Acer seems to be saying they'd rather not have us use it.  Once I can find the screw type (looks like an M2.5x4mm with a .45mm pitch) I'll likely grab what I need and order an SSD.The memory is according to Acer's own comments supposed to be a DDR4 2133.  It's not.  It's a Kingston DDR4 2400.  As such if I were you and I were thinking about adding another stick I'd wait until I saw the memory it came with.  It's really easy to see - it's printed on a sticker on the RAM.  If you're not sure how to check it jump on YouTube - there are a few videos showing people installing additional RAM.  Why is this important?  When adding RAM while it's not necessary to get the same size and speed of RAM it's actually really helpful.  Two 4GB sticks of the same type will function more efficiently than one 8GB stick due to the multichannel nature of the chipset.  That only works if both sticks are functionally the same.  Yes that includes speed.  No that doesn't mean you have to get the same brand.This leads me to my last point:  Be aware of "cost creep".  If you buy this at $349 spend another $24 on RAM and spend $79 on a 240MB SSD drive you might be teetering close to the next level of laptop.  Acer has a similar model with a seventh-gen i5-7200u 8GB and a 256GB SSD for $549 right now.  That's $200 more with a faster CPU the same 8GB you want the same SSD you want and it also comes with a moderately better GPU for games (NVidia 940MX).  Compare that at $549 (or its competition) vs this one at $452.  The difference isn't so big is it?  Yes this one would still have the 1 TB 2.5" HD in it so it's not an apples-to-apples comparison but it's something you might want to consider.One more thing before I forget:  The battery is not removable.  You'd have to crack open the case and likely void the warranty to remove it.Even with all that if you're looking for a laptop that's short on price and long on features this is likely a smart pick.  The adage of "You get what you pay for" still applies but we're now getting a lot more than ever before for this price.