This model (1TB HD 4GB RAM) is the best buy in low budget laptops for many reasons. I was prepared to return it but it's exceeded my expectations. First it has features almost never found in even sub $800 unit much less $329 - backlight keyboard 1920 x 1080 display and upgradable/replaceable storage. For those reasons alone it's a 5 star machine.It has a M2 slot accessible without violating warranty on bottom. I ordered it with $70 Crucial 275GB M2 SSD and additional 4GB RAM ($29) from Kingston (what it came with). So now for $429 I have a 15" Kaby Lake I3 with 8GB RAM 256GB SSD and 1TB second drive with backlit keys and Full 1080p display and HD 620 Intel Graphics - better for video playback than 520. I could not find something close to this used much less new.And the other aspects are good as well. Keyboard is comfortable number keybad is nice for my work backlit works well (if on/off proximity function does not bug you it does not me). Trackpad works better than I expected.Screen is a TN panel (1080P IPS would probably double the price). So viewing angles are not great and contrast is just okay. But for single person use it's good by budget panel features with better than expected color accuracy and a blue light filter that reduces strain.The chassis has a nice faux brushed metal look and more rigid than most sub $400 plastic models. Weight is so so - not heavy not light for a 15.6". Sound from speakers was also better than I expected in this price range.Bloatware on my model was minimal. BIOS is bare bones but easily accessible to change boot drive etc. And you get full ports without ultrabook dongles. And with my upgrades model posted a 2900 Single Core Geekbench and 5800 multicore. Again very good for a machine in this price range.I've had it for a week - will update long term use - but right now it's a winner. For the money you can't find a better deal on a 15.6" HD with backlit.EDIT. Update. Everything is worked as stated above - nothing has changed. Battery life is impressive even with adding RAM and SSD. The only real quibbles is backlight timing is annoying and viewing angles are not ideal (not a great group laptop). But considering nothing at this prices even has backlight or 1080p screens you would need to move to $500 or more model to improve. I would buy this again at the price without hesitation.