Let me just start by saying this Acer is a rock solid computer with a lot to offer. It’s an excellent value and it’s nearly impossible to find another computer with the same specs for around the same price no matter where you look. The screen is beautiful the keyboard is comfortable and all the added features are exciting to say the least.Typing and Work PerformanceI picked this Acer up to use in a professional capacity for marketing writing and programming. I type more than 10000 words on it every day and it works phenomenally well for that purpose. I threw in a subscription to Microsoft Office 365 and this baby is perfect for word processing tasks. The keyboard is smooth and responsive and the backlit keyboard makes working at night easier than ever.I’m a touch typist with a very high typing speed and I never experience any input lag or other issues that I’ve experienced with my little Acer Chromebook in the past.The same day that I ordered this machine I also picked up an added 4GB stick of RAM. I went with the Crucial 2133 stick of RAM and it works fine though I would have went with a 2400 had I known that that was what’s in the system.--Battery Life--The battery life on this computer is so good that I needed a separate category for it. No you probably won’t get 12 hours of battery life out of the machine I certainly don’t. But I do get between 9 and 6 hours of battery power depending on what I’m doing. Sure gaming will kill it faster but if I’m doing standard stuff it’s pretty common for me to get about 8 hours or enough life to do nearly a full day of work without charging it.--Gaming--Plenty of people say that this computer isn’t for gaming and they’re absolutely right. I had an order placed for a powerful Alienware computer at nearly $1600 and that beast was a gaming PC but that beast also offered  around 2 hours of battery life at the best of times according to user reviews. I was all ready to receive the order and it never came in. Instead of working out the issue with Dell I simply canceled the order and snagged this computer on a whim and I couldn’t be happier!Sure it won’t run high intensity games at high or ultra settings but I’ve never cared about that. This laptop runs most of the games that I like to play (Rocket League Terraria Minecraft Counterstrike World of Tanks the Sims 4 Overwatch Heroes of the Storm World of Warcraft) and it handles most of them on medium settings.Not only can I enjoy my favorite games on this machine but I end up getting around 2 to 3 hours of gaming battery life with it and there isn’t any lag issues as long as I set it to high performance in the battery settings.--Watching Videos--Out of all the laptops I’ve owned in the past this one has the nicest screen by far. It was the 1080p screen that drew me in above everything else because I needed space to have multiple windows open at the same time.This screen is clear and vibrant I don’t know if it has perfect color representation but it’s super bright and it’s clearly high definition. My wife was amazed at the clarity of the screen when watching a video with me last night and she’s used to a pretty decent Macbook Air screen on a system that’s close to 3 times the price of this.If you’ve read through some other reviews you probably already know that this is a good value. I just want to reconfirm this and say that as long as you aren’t looking for a super powerful gaming machine this laptop is likely all that you need. I’m thrilled with its performance and would have a hard time upgrading to a more powerful system because I love the long battery life that this one offers.