I don't frequently write reviews but I have found this laptop to check every single wish box I have for laptops. I am a med student and I think that this is the perfect setup for my needs.Comfortable typing keyboard.Backlit keyboard.MATTE screen. This is critical because I spend all day in a classroom under ridiculous fluourescent lights. It is seriously a game changer and was very high on my list of needs in a laptop.DDR4 RAM 4gb as ONE stick with one empty slotm.2 SATA slot (open) - mine included the necessary mounting screw.Very light compared to my old laptop.1080p screen that is not a touchscreen (I avoid them because they decrease battery life even when not in use)Number pad.Latest generation i3 processor. This is nice for future-proofing and you absolutely do not need more than an i3 if you use it for basic student stuff.Textured exterior case for the laptop does not show fingerprints too badly.EXTREMELY LONG BATTERY LIFE! This is not something that the manufacturer has exaggerated. If I turn the screen down turn off the backlit keyboard turn off wifi and only do light word processing then I can get 19+ hours out of the battery. With normal use including word processing powerpoint web surfing light youtube watching I get over 12 hours of use. So the 12 hours of battery life claim is not just for bare bones use it applies to normal student use. Currently I am at 22% battery remaining with 3 hours and 14 minutes left. I only need to charge this thing every other day or so despite having it on all day in class.Recommended upgrade: I strongly recommend that you either install an m.2 SSD and migrate the OS to it or replace the HDD with an SSD. Installation is very easy with 3 screws for removing the bottom plate. There is an included mounting apparatus for the 2.5" drive. I also decided to add an additional stick of 4gb DDR4 RAM also very easy to install right next to the hard drive. With those two small changes this laptop absolutely flies and never gets bogged down when I have tons of chrome windows powerpoints emails and study guides open all at once. Boot time is just a few seconds.CONS:So the touchpad isn't my favorite. It is not textured which would have been better. My fingers tend to get bogged down and not slide smoothly across its surface. This is something I have grown accustomed to and now do not notice as much.The inside surface of the laptop is a fingerprint magnet.Overall for the price I would say this is the absolute best laptop for a student. I spent a ton of time researching laptops so take my word for it and get this one.