I'm a Software Engineer and wanted a relatively cheap laptop that I could take with me and at the same time not have to worry about like I do with my $2000+ Mac Pro book.  I do a lot of development in the cloud and make use of a lot of resources on the net and so reasoned I didn't need to cart around a regular laptop.  Since I obviously do a lot of typing I hoped for decent keyboard-- and was pleasantly surprised.  The keyboard on this unit is actually quite nice.  And let's be real.  The majority of things we do everyday on a computer is covered by a Chromebook and it's large array of available apps and extensions (to Chrome).  Certainly for specialized uses we can't completely untether ourselves from a full on laptop or desktop running Linux OS X or Windows.  But Chromebooks do fill a niche.I just received delivery of this and set it up.  One thing I didn't like about Chromebooks that I've looked at in the past was their cheesy shells and keyboards and the cost of a decent one.  This unit not only has a nice aluminum shell (which is very attractive) but it also has a decent keyboard with much better tactile properties than any Chromebooks I've looked at in the past.  It actually looks and feels like a laptop instead of some plastic toy.The hardware specs on this are very nice compared to other offerings:  4G Ram 32G storage Quad-core processor etc.  The screen is beautiful and the speakers are very nice.  Better in fact than some of my laptops.  The mouse area is responsive and has a nice feel to it.  The overall unit has a slim profile and is light weight.When I was comparing this model against other manufacturer's / model's the only thing that made me pause was the lack of a card reader/writer.  Ultimately what I decided was that: (a) with google drive microsoft drive box dropbox etc. there is no good reason to require a reader/writer as I can simply save and download whatever I want from the cloud and (b) 32GB is plenty of local storage for a Chromebook.Thus far I am very happy with the purchase and highly recommend it.