I've kept an eye on Chromebooks for the last couple of years as a possible option for a low-cost laptop.  I'm a long time Windows user but started using Chrome as my browser of choice a few years back.  I also have an Android phone that's tied to Google's services and appreciate how well the user experience transfers between the phone and desktop.  After an honest evaluation of my laptop usage habits I decided a Chromebook could meet my needs.I'm not a gamer and use my laptop primarily for email web browsing and light document work.  I also have Linux and Windows workstations on my network and access them via SSH VNC and RDP.  I'm been quite pleased at how well the Chromebook has worked for all these tasks.  The free SSH client from the web store works to logon to my Linux machines and can even do public key authentication and port forwarding enabling me to tunnel my VNC connections through SSH.  The Chrome RDP app also works well connecting to my Windows machines with good performance and I can access files on my NAS using Network File Shares  After using the Chromebook for the last couple of weeks I'd confidently recommend one for everything but gaming and special purpose applications.The quality of this unit exceeds my expectations and if feels solidly built while still very thin and light.  The keyboard and track pad are both quite good although I always use a real mouse.  Battery life is excellent and I can get several days use before needing to plug in.  With a solid CPU and 4GB of memory I can run a dozen or more open tabs with good performance.  I'm not sure just how many things I need to open to notice performance degrade because I haven't hit that point.  Saving the best for last the full HD screen is one of the  primary reasons I chose this Chromebook and it is wonderful.  Scaling works nicely when needed using either Ctrl with mouse wheel to scale just the browser contents or using Ctrl Shift +/- to scale the resolution of the entire screen.  I've shopped around for Windows laptops with higher resolution screens and they are all well beyond this price point.  To me this Chromebook is a great value.