Got my laptop this evening. Before I even turned it on I added a sandisk SSD to it. Took about 3 minutes. Just 1 screw to contend with. The SSD was a tight fit and BIOS picked it up right away. When you 1st start the laptop Windows will finish installing. If you added a 2nd SSD you need to right click THIS PC then click MANAGE then click disk management. You will see 2nd drive unformatted most likely. Click and follow prompts to do simple format (I made 1 partition of whole drive). Then you're in business.  I loaded Diablo 3  Guild Wars 2 and World of Warcraft from a thumb drive. They all played flawlessly at full resolution will high frame rates. Guild wars 2 was in mid 50s. Other 2 were even higher with Diablo 3 being maxed graphics with no problems. Didn't even warm up playing it and WoW .Look forward to trying Fallout 4 on it in a couple of weeks. That should be a better test of the GPU and heat issues.  The screen does have some light bleed in lower edge of screen  but only on startup when screen is black. That is the only time I noticed. Not sure about visual  quality vs other computers but looks better than my desktop monitor at work and my 4 year old laptop I'm replacing. If they cut corners here I'm not really noticing that much since I'm not doing any photoshop or pro stuff where color has to be spot on.The keyboard is responsive and similar to many other laptop keyboards. Love the full size keys. Not jammed too close together so fewer typos. Sound is decent for a laptop. The laptop is whisper quiet unless you are pushing the graphics card a bit then the fans wind up a bit. Still not too loud. You can go to sound settings and tweak equalizer to get sound you prefer.  The nice thing about this computer is you can sneak it past your wife as a business computer but it runs like a much more expensive gaming laptop. Nice to be able to play a game while on a business trip. Will probably add 8Gb of compatible ram a little later so it will run dual channel. Highly recommend 2nd SSD in this unit. Runs games so well you will want to install a ton on here. Can get another 256gb for $89 any day of the week with 512gb running around $150-160 for name brand.  All in all very pleased with my purchase.Update: After a weekend of gaming and surfing the web I've found that you really need to download the latest drivers for the Intel HD video card and the Wireless driver as well. Fixes many little irritating freezes and glitches. Just go to device manager and update from there. I also updated the Nvidia 960M driver though I never had a moments problem with it. Still loving this laptop!2nd Update: Got Fallout 4 last week and have played more hours of it than I care to admit. The laptop has handled it perfectly with very little heat buildup. No glitches crashes and lag whatsoever. I play it on Medium settings and get 40-50 FPS . The game  works on high but FPS dips into the low 20s at times which will ruin your aim a bit. Only use VATS for bosses. Gonna try Witcher 3 next which I hear is even more of a graphics challenge.