The Dell 15" 7559 is a surprisingly good Windows 10 gaming laptop. This is considered a "budget gaming laptop" because its price is so low ($800-$860). I've seen 2 main configurations. The first is a Core i5 with a 256gb SSD. The second is a Core i7 with a 1TB Hybrid HDD which is what this review is about. Both these configurations come with 8gb RAM and a 1080p display. What caught my eye is the 4gb version of the Geforce 960M graphics card that this laptop comes with. Typically most "budget gaming laptops" below $1000 only offer the 2gb version.Gaming PerformanceOnce the laptop is set up playing games on this laptop is fun and they all look quite good. As mentioned before the 7559 has the 4gb version of the 960M - which is considered a budget-friendly graphics card. Counter-Strike GO Dota 2 Starcraft 2 Just Cause 3 Half-Life 2 and Fallout 4 run flawlessly. - and at high settings. The most demanding game that I've played on it so far is Dark Souls 3. I average around 40-45 fps in that game with settings set on high. I can manage 50+ fps when I turn things down to medium or below. By gaming standards this is somewhat mediocre to be honest but it's still perfectly playable. By contrast a 970M would definitely be a huge step up but most laptops with that graphics card are considerably more expensive. This laptop uses a hybrid-HDD as its main storage (8gb are on an included SSD that works in conjunction with the HDD). This means its a bit faster than most standard HDDs but nowhere near as fast a pure SSD. Still the loading isn't bad at all and I barely notice it most of the time.Set upThe Set up took about 2 hours for me. That's because I had problems after installing the latest Nvidia drivers and their Geforce Experience software. I had some graphic glitches that started to occur (I got error messages from windows and a few games that I installed kept crashing.) To resolve this problem I did a system restore which brought the laptop back to its original state. Then I updated drivers and the BIOS using Dell's own update software - "Dell Update." Once this was done I attempted again to install the latest display drivers from Nvidia and the Geforce Experience software. This time after trying out a few games I had no problems. Suffice to say before installing anything I suggest running Dell Update first.Build Quality Keyboard TrackpadOverall the outside of the laptop feels good with soft-touch plastics on key areas. The laptop opens and closes nicely though there is some noticeable flexing in the housing of the screen. However the keyboard of this laptop does not feel very good at all. The keystroke is very shallow - so you don't get that tactile feel. And because of that I've mistyped more often on this keyboard than any of my other laptops. (To be fair though most other laptops in this price range have similar keyboards that aren't very tactile.) The trackpad works well enough for websurfing but the tap features often caused me to click on things I didn't want to. (You can turn off the tap function and rely only on the standard firm-click instead.) Suffice to say I would suggest getting a separate keyboard and mouse whenever using the 7559.ScreenThe IPS display that comes with the 7559 is good enough for gaming but not for graphics-related work. The colors seem a bit off even after adjusting them. Also compared to a professional workstation monitor the sharpness is not quite the same. For gaming though it works well and there is no ghosting or weird artifacts. Thankfully Dell includes an HDMI out so that you can output the video to a separate monitor. (You can of course get a much higher resolution monitor for the 7559 but only on Dell's own website - and only if you customize it yourself.)AudioThe speakers on the 7559 are fairly cheap sounding. I would say they are on par with small PC speakers that sell for about $10-$15. And although it does have a subwoofer I would say that the bass response is lackluster. You're better off using your own headphones - which is what I do. I personally have it paired with my V-moda Crossfade Wireless bluetooth headphones - and the audio sounds great. (The 7559 does have the standard audio jack for a physical connection of course.)BatteryIn my experience the 7559's battery does not last very long. When gaming I can get around 2 hours out of a full charge. When watching streaming video the 7559 lasts around 4 hours. Surfing the internet and working on text documents lasts a little longer - at about 4.5 hours in my experience. I've taken it on short trips playing about an hour or so of gaming and internet surfing afterwards - this usually gets me around 3 hours of use. But if I were to take it on a long trip I would definitely have a 2nd fully-charged battery ready-to-go.Heat - tolerableThe center of the keyboard and the left side of the laptop often get warm during gaming. It's nowhere near as warm as other laptops that I've used so it doesn't bother me. (During non-gaming sessions these spots remain cool.)UpgradingThe Dell 7559 was designed to be upgraded easily. The bottom panel of the laptop can be removed by undoing just one screw. Once it's opened up you'll find that the SSD the RAM and the HDD can easily be upgraded. The RAM is very easy to upgrade since this laptop has two slots for RAM modules - one of which was already taken up by an 8GB module. I bought another 8gb module (DDR3 laptop memory) from Amazon (about $25) and placed it in the extra slot - for a total of 16gb. It took about 5 minutes to do it - very easy! Other users have added a 256gb or even a 500gb SSD into the included M.2 slot - in addition to having the 1TB Hybrid HDD. Doing so will increase the speed at start up as well as any games or applications that are installed on the SSD.Dead Pixel! - and Warranty serviceUnfortunately my laptop developed a dead pixel right in the center of the screen. It was very annoying since I only had this laptop for a few months. I tried several downloadable apps and videos that claimed they could fix the issue (by flashing the screen for several hours.) None of these things worked. After several days of chatting with Dell tech support they offered me two options: send it in to their repair depot for about two weeks to have it fixed; or pay $40 for an on-site repair. I chose the 2nd option since I didn't want to be without a laptop for two weeks. The bad thing is the part that they needed to replace (I assume the LCD) was delayed and there was no word on when it would come in. After about 2 weeks of checking back with Dell; they offered to instead replace my laptop with a refurbished unit they already had on-hand. I was tired of waiting so I chose this option. The refurbished unit worked perfectly fine and it was exactly the same model. My main gripe in all of this was that the whole process took too long to resolve - about a month. If they had offered me a refurbished unit from the start it would have been much easier. Also it became clear that the repair depot people and the people who sent me the refurbished laptop do not talk to each other - since the people at the repair depot kept asking me to send in the laptop to be repaired.ConclusionIn all honesty this is the 2nd laptop that I've bought that had a dead pixel - and Dell did a good job handling it - though it took a while due to the parts being on back-order. The other laptop that I had a dead pixel issue with was from HP - and it took about 3 weeks to get that resolved. I guess I must have bad luck because I don't see anyone else complaining about dead pixels in their reviews of this laptop. Regardless I do recommend this laptop for its low price and good gaming performance. Most games run well though not on highest settings. It's also very easily-up-gradable  Just hope that you don't get a laptop with dead pixel(s) like I did.