This is a great deal for the price but those who are less than tech savvy may have some difficulties.The first thing you need to do when you get this laptop is update the drivers. I suggest going through the individual companies instead of Dell's driver hub. The wireless card is fine but without the proper driver you will experience frequent disconnect/reconnect that can be incredibly annoying.My laptop came with a 256gb M.2 Solid State Drive. That leaves a bay open for another 2.5" SSD or HD. I got a cheap 1TB HD for my shows and movies. The SSD is reserved for my games.This model also comes with an open spot to stick another RAM card in it. Make sure you get DDR3L I put another 8GB stick in there because I'm a huge multitasker and I always have 10-15 chrome pages open even when I'm gamingAdding both the extra HD and RAM was very simple. Literally anyone could figure it out.Now performance is acceptable. I knew I wouldn't be getting the best of the best as far as gaming quality but I still wanted a machine that I could play on. I am a hardcore gamer and I can easily play for 5+ hours without noticing the time pass. I wanted a laptop for on-the-go gaming. Sometimes I'll go to Denny's by myself and game while having some breakfast. I can play Black Ops 3 Fallout 4 Skyrim and many other games without stutter. Ironically Starcraft 2 is the only game that lags on me but I think that may be more caused by bad internet connections not my laptop. Most games I get med/high graphics with at least 30fps. Putting a game on low will always get me a steady 60FPS experience. You're at least getting console quality gaming with this product. The gtx 960m isn't bad. You will have decent gaming laptop here. For under 900 bones(upgrades included) it's a deal you can't beatThe battery is a beast! I also use this laptop for work. One day I forgot my charger at home and I was able to go all day and even game during my lunch break. I usually spend 4-6 hours a day on my laptop at work. This guy hasn't died on me yet and I have definitely put it to the test. (hint- set your display to high contrast you will save hours of battery life and save yourself lots of eye damage)Every "professional" reviewer on youtube slammed the screen quality keyboard and the touchpad. The screen color is acceptable and the resolution is 1920x1080 -golden standard unless you want 4k The keyboard is quiet and illuminated. The touchpad works perfectly for me. I can barely tap it and it registers the click.This really is a great deal. I only have a couple critiques: The plastic attracts fingerprints. No USB type C conection.You wont find a better laptop for the price. This is a wonderful deal and I look forward to keeping this laptop for at least 3 years before I will need an upgrade.