Bought this laptop earlier this year (February or so I believe). It worked great for a while and I didn't have many issues. I used it to play Overwatch League of Legends as well as do video editing audio editing and photo editing using Premiere Pro Photoshop Lightroom and Audition. I never had any real issues software-wise.There is one very big con though that is forcing me to get a new laptop within 10 months of buying this one. The case cannot hold up the weight of this laptop. Back in July I sat down in a chair while holding the laptop open on the right side with one hand. As soon as I sat down the weight of the laptop and the lack of support on the left side caused the grating near the fan and the left screen hinge to crack and the case to permanently sit open exposing internals and the left hinge.  I made zero contact with anything it didn't bump anything. All I did was sit down normally. Replacement parts for this model are incredibly difficult to find (I was unable to find any). As a result the gap has only gotten wider causing my mouse to have issues it wasn't having before. The left side of my keyboard from the edge of the case to the F3 key is permanently slanted upward and every time I open the laptop I have to press down on the exposed part to keep it from getting worse. Unfortunately for regular use it's gotten worse. I actually can rarely get the trackpad to register an actual press. Only tapping the pad works regularly now. I can't tape the case closed because if I tape it the fan vents are covered or the charger port is covered. This issue has convinced me never to get a plastic-cased laptop again. I've attached three photos: one of how I was holding it when the incident happened and two of the split casing.It's a great laptop but be very aware you are getting a plastic laptop casing and amazing for the price. I fully understand that sacrifices have to be made to keep great specs at a low cost. This is reality and I am not holding Dell at fault. The laptop is heavy so the plastic over time may have the same outcome for someone else as it did for me. Had I realized sooner to make sure I was balancing it more intentionally when transporting it this might not have happened so I am warning everyone else!