I'm known among my peers for being able to find the best electronics deals on the market and after dozens of hours of research I splurged and bought the Dell Inspiron 7559. My verdict after a couple weeks of use: if you want a laptop that can play all the latest games at medium settings or higher and you don't wanna spend over $1000 this is your best option at this point in time. Dell didn't cut corners in this laptop's design - there are no killer flaws or nuisances that detract from the experience like a keyboard that can't keep up with fast typing a sub-1080p screen slow WiFi or a lack of USB 3.0 ports(the 7559 has three USB 3.0 ports and the one on the right side can charge your devices while the system's in sleep mode). The only flaw I can think of is the relatively high price for a laptop but it's far cheaper than competing devices with similar hardware; I can't even successfully nitpick about this thing.The i5 model comes with a 256GB M.2 SSD and there's a SATA port for a 2.5-inch hard drive. With the SSD as a boot drive the laptop boots up in less than ten seconds and general computer usage is snappy and responsive. I installed Overwatch on the SSD and the quick load times spoil me. I've yet to try the Dark Souls games on the SSD but hopefully I'll remember to update this review and report my findings - on a 7200RPM mechanical drive Dark Souls 3 takes about a minute to load any time you teleport from one area to another or when you initially load the game. From what I've read the SSD should cut that to closer to 15 seconds.The i7 model comes with a higher-capacity mechanical drive connected to the SATA port leaving the M.2 port empty. One point for the i5 model. A week after this laptop arrived I installed a 2TB Seagate FireCuda hybrid drive for all my future game installs; this is the first laptop I've ever owned with two hard drives in it and the difference in power usage and weight is absolutely negligible. Kudos to Dell for putting such an awesome feature in a mid-range laptop.On laptops with a 1080p or higher display I always play games with the anti-aliasing off. On a 15.6-inch 1080p display jaggies aren't much of a bother and I'd rather my system run cooler and the battery last longer than crush a couple jaggies here-and-there.With its quad-core i5 and GTX 960M the 7559 can play Overwatch at ultra settings at around 50-54 FPS and at high it stays at a rock-solid 70. On the character selection screen the game drops closer to 35FPS but as soon as you hop into the match the framerate doubles; clearly more of an optimization issue on Blizzard's part than due to hardware. Civilization: Beyond Earth stayed at 60FPS at around medium settings and I had the same experience with Starcraft 2: Heart of the Swarm. I tried a few other games like The Forest Black Mesa and Dirt 3 and they all played like a charm. For some reason though when I tried to play the new Doom the game was just as choppy at lowest possible settings 720p + 50% render scale as it was between medium and high settings. My drivers are updated and the Nvidia control panel said that the game was set to run on the 960M and not the far-weaker Intel integrated GPU but I'll troubleshoot some more and update my review if I can get it running in a playable form. Doom is the only game I've thrown at this machine that gave me any trouble and I'm sure I can get it running like a champ on this beast of a laptop.In the future I'll add benchmark results and what kinda gaming performance you can expect but beyond Doom acting weird I've had nothing but a positive experience with the Dell Inspiron 7559. I recommend it whole-heartedly.Bonus: This was initially delivered the day before Thanksgiving while I was at work. Unless the package grew wings someone stole it from my porch. I was so depressed I stayed home for Thanksgiving and waited by the door in case the delivery was merely a day late. Luckily I was able to speak to an Amazon customer service rep and they sent a replacement at no charge to me - two-day shipping. Kudos to Amazon for being the best.