Being that I've had this laptop for a couple of months now I thought it was time to give my review.Highlights:FastSleekStays pretty coolNice graphics cardI got this laptop for gaming reasons but I wanted a laptop that I could still DJ with. I've owned Mac's for the last 10 years but work with Windows computers in IT every day so there was nothing to get adjusted to. I have a gaming desktop that I built 2 years ago and also own a Xbox One so they all play nicely together. Being able to stream Xbox One games to it is very cool. I mainly take it to work to game on my lunch break. I use a Xbox One controller with the wireless adapter and it works like a dream. Most games I can max out and still get 60fps. For the most part I am very pleased with this purchase.Reading some of the other reviews before I purchased I was still kind of worried about some things. Mainly I saw a lot of people had wifi/network issues. So out of the box I went straight to the device manager and updated everything. After doing this I never had any wifi issues. The only driver issue I had was an issue with the Intel Graphics driver. I saw online that others had this issue too not just with this laptop either. I changed that driver to a universal driver and stopped having the issue. I mainly use the Nvidia graphics card so it didn’t bother me. But I was bothered that this was an issue with a lot of models and thought a fix should have already been found. No biggie.Here’s where I started having problems. My first one I received (Nov 2015) it starting having a warping issue to the outside housing/case. I sent the laptop back to Amazon and they sent a new one (Dec 2015). All was well with the new one. Then about 1 week ago (almost 3 months of use) the right fan started making this awful loud noise. I knew it wasn’t normal at all because it has never done that. I had to send it off to Dell’s repair service. Another thing I noticed is what a lot of others noticed there were backlight bleeding issues with the display. After some researching (before I purchased) I found this was an issue with the type of display and not isolated to Dell or even laptops. Maybe I’ll get that repaired before the warranty runs out and they have some better screens. Also note that was an issue with both laptops I received. The trackpad as others have stated is not that good. But I rarely use it and always prefer a mouse. One annoyance I have is the matte finish. It looks nice and all but every time you touch it you get smudges all over the case and they are not easy to remove. All of that aside I still think it’s a really good laptop for the price. My reservation is about the repair process I had to wait 2 days for a box from Dell then it was a 7-10 day turnaround. If this is your only computer then that could be a major pain. I have other computers so it did not bother me one bit.Gaming wise I love it. It can handle games at the same settings that my desktop can play. I have the GTX 960 4GB in my desktop and this laptop has the GTX 960m 4GB. That alone is the reason I got this computer over all the others. This graphics card does its job very well. I was majorly impressing by the Xbox One streaming. I was streaming over wifi with hardly any framerate loss. The Steam sync also comes in handy for switching between my desktop and laptop. I can pick the game back up right where I left it no matter which one I play on. My Sony Gold wireless headset works perfect with it too. If you’re looking at this laptop for gaming reasons then this is a good choice for under $800-$1000. I still want to max the ram out and add a second SSD. I use it stand alone and with another monitor at home both work flawlessly.TLDR; If you are looking for another gaming computer or just want a gaming device to be portable this is a great choice. If it will be your only computer you might want to pick something a little more stable as you could run into an issue here and there under heavy use. I don’t use it more than 1 hour a day so even under light use I ran into some issues. I couldn’t find a sleeve to fit it so I had to buy a backpack to carry it around. Found a Samsonite backpack with a laptop pouch for under $20.Pros:Nvidia Graphics Card (4GB)Fast BootSSDXbox StreamingNice SoundSleek DesignCons:Matte Finish shows a lot of spots when touchedBacklight Bleeding on displayOdd shape not allowing it to fit in most standard sleeves (was even hard to fit in Dell’s service box)Trackpad