I've had this laptop for several months now purchasing this in August 2016.Never used an ASUS laptop before always using Dell but I don't have a brand bias really just how things turned out. Anyways I have no real bias with or for Dell or ASUS but in general I want to say that after several months with this laptop I've had a lot less hiccups than I've had with Dell laptops.Pros:Fast responsive keyboard is good (and comparatively to other keyboards where it can feel mushy and eh I highly enjoyed the typing experience on this keyboard way better).Cost to what you get ratio is amazing even if you don't self upgrade your ram.I haven't had a need to do it yet really. 8 GB ram is pretty good and enough in my opinion.Battery life is decent. Consistent at 3-5 hours of battery life depending how hard you run it. I probably feel more like 3-4 hours of battery life but only b/c I'm not running it straight down to 0 percent and generally start worrying about it once it hits the 20%-30% marker. But I'd say for sure around 4 hours.Feels solid too. I really love the metal sleek build and definitely a nice powerhouse to bring with me.Con:Screen I mean you're getting what you paid for. I personally I am fine with a 1080P screen. I had a 4K laptop screen but I had various problems with icon not scaling properly in something like Eclipse b/c of density of pixels in a 4K screen making it shrink to a stupidly small size. Along with other problems a 4K screen while beautiful definitely wasn't necessary for me due to not needed to work with professional photo editing or anything of that sort.So a 1080P screen is doing it for me. The only thing I will say is that the viewing angles for the screens kind of suck at times. You need to be looking at it properly and not like from the side or with your laptop too tilted back. (The screen might look a bit washed too? But overall I think it looks good and I have no problems viewing anything I need to online and still often will view photos with a "wow that is beautiful" without any impediment form my screen like "This screen sucks."Sound is okay. It not going to be amazing but it not bad either. Just okay. But if you have headphones/earbuds in you should be good.Overall:Highly recommend this product! Only reason why I am giving it a 4 star is b/c it not like it BLEW ME AWAY with super amazing features. But I would rate this at a 4.5 if I could. The money you spend and what you get is amazing.