I gave the Lenovo 5 stars because this product fulfills what it is intended to do superbly.  Let me explain...After purchasing chrome books for my teenagers two from Dell and two from Samsung I decided that would be the closest thing to what I was looking for affordability portability and ease of use.  My teenagers use them daily for school work games and etc.  So I sat down with one of them and quickly realized the limitations of using a product built around aps.  I was pleased with battery life the cost and the portability but I wanted something more useable for my purposes.I then came across this Lenovo.  Basically a chrome book built for those wanting an extremely portable laptop.  While I still prefer Windows 7 Windows 10 is a reality we have to learn to use.  This product is very well built as every Lenovo I've owned (this is my third).  I'm very pleased with the battery life and the quick start up.  While I'm certain this is powerful enough to play many games it is not a gaming system.  For heavier applications such as Adobe Photoshop I have a quad-core computer and a dual-core laptop.  I am able to run Adobe Lightroom on this but of course if you are serious about something like photography as I am you would want a larger more enhanced screen.There are a couple of things I would change if I could.  First the camera is great and the ability to flip from front to back is ingenious.  But personally I have no use for a camera on here.  Most of us have a smart phone for that.  Second a back-lit keyboard would be awesome.  Both of my other laptops have it and it is the one thing I miss the most.  Finally micro-SD?  I understand many phones and etc. use micro but many of us don't we use regular SD cards.  Adapters come with most of the micro cards to be able to use them in standard slots but for the rest of us we have to purchase a USB adapter to use our SD cards.  This is my biggest complaint but I see the entire chrome-book industry going to the micro slots.This is a great product especially for a price under $200!