I purchased this laptop when it was on sale for $299.99 so I give a review for this price value. So far I used it for about 3 weeks. For $300 it's a great laptop clearly not a gaming or top notch one but a very solid and quite fast "everyday" laptop for online browsing music or movies low-end games office work and doing other common tasks.  Overall if you're looking for traditional non-touchscreen 15" laptop and don't want Chromebook or laptop with small SSD drive it's probably one of the best offers on the market right now for around $300 most of the better performance models run from $350 and up. However for the base price $350+ I would consider different laptop.Pros:- Powerful CPU. Intel i3 is a rare gem for laptops within $300 price range- Huge for laptop 1Tb HDD perfect for file hoarders like me- Decent quality screen it's not great for HD movies but fine for online browsing or office work and I've seen much worse screens in $200-300 laptops- Intel 520 graphics lets you play some games easily handles full HD videos and with proper software converting videos with up to 10x accelerated speed- Memory is very easy to upgrade I recommend to add at least another 4Gb RAM to significantly improve perfomance and Windows 64-bit (unlike 32-bit) can use more than 4Gb- I like Windows 10 much better than Windows 8 still offered with many laptops on the market and this laptop comes with almost no bloatware- Loud speakers. Sound quality isn't that great because it's a budget laptop but it's loud enough to hear radio from across the quite roomCons:- Laptop's body is made out of very cheap low-quality plastic reminds me interior plastic in cheap cars you can scratch with fingernail. It squeaks and bends if you push on it and it's very prone to accidental scratches. Obvious cost cut - looks cheap feels cheap- Screen is not full HD it's only 768p so to watch high quality movies I prefer to connect laptop to my TV via HDMI cable- Battery is only 4 cell and doesn't last long but the biggest issue - battery is not accessible to the user at all! It's inside of the laptop so you can't replace it with extended life battery or keep a spare one with you for long travel unless you're ready to fully disassemble this laptop- Keyboard feels cheap not the best quality and layout of some commonly used keys isn't very intuitive. Touchpad is cheap too but I prefer to use mouse anyway so don't care about touchpad- Very low quality webcam just enough to let people see your facial expressions but don't expect much more especially in not brightly lit room