So far so good.  I have a gaming desktop that takes up a massive amount of space so I decided to move it out of the main living area and get a Chromebook for regular web browsing and travel.  This computer fulfills most of my day to day needs.  Thus far I've mostly used it for general web browsing online shopping YouTube viewing and Google Hangouts.  Strangely it's a little slow with Hangouts compared with my phone.  Not sure why.  Everything else does just fine.  I'm looking forward to taking this on the road for several weeks coming up.  The battery life is amazing compared with other devices that I have owned.  I feel comfortable that this will get me through my 3000 mile road trip with minimal opportunities for charging.  I haven't counted hours but I can go 2-3 days at home on a single charge.  I'd say that I'm cumulatively on the internet for about 3-4 hours a day so that would be approximately 12 hours of battery life easily.  I've yet to fully discharge the battery so that's probably a conservative estimate.  The other plus for traveling is that this machine is LIGHT.  Compared with my Samsung Tab (with the 12 hour battery that might last 4 hours) paired with a bluetooth keyboard the Chromebook is positively featherweight.  It's also far less clunky.  The fact that all my Chrome bookmarks themes extensions etc. came right over automatically from my desktop was an added benefit.  I'll be even more pleased when Google rolls out the ability to run Android apps on this model which I've read is supposed to happen sometime within the next year.  This is mainly important to me as it pertains to PDAnet and some language apps that I use.  The one drawback I've experienced to this point is that printing is kind of complicated.  My wireless printer is not cloud print ready so I have to route jobs through my desktop.  I haven't had the time or inclination to invest in setting that up so I just do my printing from the desktop for now.  In terms of storage the micro SD slot pretty much makes the sky the limit.  I have a 32 GB card in there right now which will most likely be adequate for anything I'm trying to do on this machine.  If I need more I'll get an additional card.  In terms of styling I was a little unsure about the blue ombre effect.  I was afraid that it would look a bit cheesy.  Now that I have the Chromebook in my hand though I like it.  It adds a little personality and keeps my grubby fingerprints from showing up as well as they would on a completely white surface.  The bottom line is that as a secondary machine this Chromebook does everything I need it to do at a minimal price point.  Perhaps I will post an update after my long trip if anything comes up but so far I am completely satisfied.