I didn't think I'd be so impressed with a Chromebook but here I am to tell you that this laptop is pretty impressive. If you're a user of Google services and need a laptop to get work done this is an amazing choice.Firstly this is a Chrome OS laptop. Not Windows or Apple or anything like that so don't expect it to be exactly like something you've used before. It works on it's own platform that is obviously based on Google. That doesn't mean it's hard to figure out. It's actually a lot simpler to use in my opinion. The platform is straightforward and I figured out how to maneuver everything within thirty minutes of playing around. Now you're not going to find super complex programs and options like Windows and Apple but this isn't what this laptop is about. It's simplicity makes it a great option for the average internet user. It's also extremely affordable. About $200 for a great laptop? TAKE MY MONEY.I use this laptop for many things ranging from writing to watching TV. Because I am a huge user of Google Docs Calendar Keep Blogger etc. this is perfection. Everything is easily accessible and synced. I don't have much applications because I don't really need any but the Chrome store is limited. If you're an applications kind of person you might feel a little meh at the Chrome selection. However they're always adding more to the store. The WiFi is amazing too. It gets the strongest connection -- better than any device in my home and I've got a LOT of devices. It's also very fast. I can go through 20 different tabs on the internet and nothing slows down.It looks awesome. It's sleek thin light and attractive. I love the matte finish. Yes it does hold onto your fingerprints more easily than a shiny finished laptop but it's not that bad at all. Unless you just handled a slice of pizza before touching the laptop I wouldn't be too worried. It has all of the basic USB ports you'd need. The keyboard clicks nicely. Only downside is that the keys don't have a back light-- that kind of sucks for late night usage. The volume is also quite low -- not ideal for putting a video on and them going into another room or something. Not gonna bump down the rating for it because it's just tiny things.Overall if you're an average internet user who needs a reliable laptop for web surfing work note taking -- basically everything but super complex computer programming/gaming -- this is an excellent option for you. It's price along with what it offers is just amazing. A steal really.