I've read many of the reviews before purchasing this notebook. If you know what you are buying and depending on what you intend to use it for it's an excellent value. I bought this as a lightweight internet appliance for lack of a better term. It suits my needs perfectly. However I do not need to print from it or stream video from the hdmi port. I've read reviews where others had issues with these two features. Other reviews were just plain clueless obviously not reading at all let alone doing any real research before purchasing. If you bought it for your teenager for him or her to load a bunch of windows based games you will obviously be disappointed but who's fault is that? If you expect a Windows OS or even a full featured Linux OS you will obviously be disappointed. Again who's fault is that? Maybe these reviewers need to give themselves one star.I was a little hesitant to purchase this set up with the Rockchip ARM processor. I was tempted to spend more for the same machine with the Intel chip in case I wasn't happy with Chrome and wanted to load Linux. I already have a Dell E4310 with a Linux/Win 10 dual boot so that is not why I was buying this. I really couldn't be any happier with Chrome and the hardware performance I installed a 32G micro SD for storage and it has done almost everything I've asked of it  and has done it well. The only issue i've has is trying to open .odt files created using Libre Office Writer in Linux. I managed to find an app to handle them but it's not an easy process.In summary this is a nice looking light notebook with a decent display and adequate keyboard and track pad. It's much more usable than a tablet in my opinion and of course the cost is  very reasonable for what you get. Set up takes no time if you already have a gmail account. Performance and battery life are both outstanding. I use the display at it's brightest setting and I still get 8 - 10 hours of battery on average. It is the perfect size for travel carrying around the house or using it outside on the porch or deck. I would recommend it to anyone who understands what a Chromebook is and what it's capabilities are.