5/5 Stars as of 12/6/16The bugginess of the track pad seems to have disappeared completely. The laptop is still a finger print magnet and is still very snappy so I can't wait to add more ram. Does not seem to heat up much however I have not put it under much load. Battery life is good but I wish it was better. I'm switching from a Chromebook so of course the trackpad and battery life doesn't feel as nice. Other than that great laptop. Time will tell.4/5 Stars as of 11/29/16This review is my first impressions after having it for about 5 hours.This laptop arrived as expected. All hardware specs and everything as you would expect. The build quality is great considering the specs and price. The laptops black surface is a fingerprint magnet for me and yes it bothers me for you it may not. Sadly this laptop isn't popular enough to have any good accessories made for it like skins/covers. I under estimated how big this laptop would be because this is my first laptop. Definitely would be some trouble if you plan on using this for school or as a portable machine. Then again no rating reductions for this because it's to be expected if you actually read product specifications. So far the laptop has been nice and snappy.I'd like to adress one of the reviews that gave this laptop One Star. I don't believe this laptop deserves one star for a simple trackpad issue. When I got this laptop the first thing I did was update Windows Windows Defender and the GeForce drivers. I only noticed the laggy cursor until after I had updated everything. If anything this is a hardware/software issue on Acers part so yes it deserves some type of reduction of rating but the cursor performs *perfectly* once you use a mouse. At least mine did. The issue actually is exactly how this reviewer described it however. Freezing and laggy. It goes away time to time (after using my mouse then switching back to the trackpad) but for the most part it comes back.I believe (or hope) that Acer does fix this software issue for the trackpad. Even though I use a mouse it is inconvenient to be handicapped to a mouse. Well don't get me wrong the laptop is not UNUSABLE with the laggy cursor it is just very annoying and should not be happening.