Update - WiFiOk I've checked the WiFi connectivity of my primary unit and the second one I got for my better half.  Both function at my place and my parent's place.  So I'm pretty sure it's the bogus WiFi at my place of work =/I'm relieved that it's not a fault with my C100.  Yay Asus!Update - 08/19/2015This thing continues to impress.  I've set up Chrome Remote Desktop to remotely access my now only windows PC (gaming) and it works flawlessly.  I'm able to run windows applications in house from my desktop easily and setup was a snap.  Kudos to Google for provided a very solid remote desktop solution.  I've also ran games like WoW and Hearthstone on my C100 using this method for poops and giggles.  It worked surprisingly well especially hearthstone.  All that's required is an internet connection.  I may actually re-purpose some hardware and build an ESXi server and virtualize a 'working environment' solely for Chromebook access.  VMware VSphere has a web client so I think I'll be able to directly access virtual windows/linux directly from my Chromebook without the need to first use Chrome Remote Desktop.Very pleased with my purchase.  I will definUpdate - 08/03/2015I'm still loving my C100.  I went out of town on a trip and this guy kept me connected no problem.  Now that I'm back and back at work (day job) my C100 has issues connecting to the company WiFi.  I've never had issues in the hotel on the road connected via phone wireless hot spot and at home.  My job's network does leave a lot to be desired though so that may have something to do with it.  I've tested by putting my phone in Wireless Hot Spot mode and it connected flawlessly.  I'll try on my home network and report back.  I'm assuming it's just the crummy WiFi at my job but wanted to report it here anyways.  Other than that this thing still rocks and still looks brand new!  I have two of them in the house and I've all but replaced all Chromebooks with these models at my company.  I'm SO sad that the 4GB model is sold out!  I love these so much I wanna grab a few more for my folks and siblings!  Please Amazon/ASUS; please bring more in stock!I also noticed that the price for the 2GB model dropped!  I'm loving the new prices of $229 and $259 for the 2GB and 4GB models respectively.  Making a great product even better with at those price points!Also to those who've received models that had issues - not everything is perfect off the line.  QA usually just tests a percentage in a batch before signing off for the batch to go out the door.  I've seen it in Acer HP Dell Alienware and others for years.  It happens sucks but it happens.  I love Amazon in that they offer a very generous return policy.  Prime is even better!  But I digress - I'd happily and probably will buy a few more of these Asus C100s in the 4GB variant.Update - 07/29/2015I'm still very VERY pleased with this machine. I was originally concerned with the performance of the processor but I've been multitasking like a mad mad.  Yesterday I held a video hangout with a family member for the better part of 3 hours.  No problems or hiccups.  We were able to video chat with ease while I continued to check email read articles and then ended up presenting desktops to go over his numbers to start his own business.  All done from my little ASUS C100.  ASUS really did a bang up job on this little guy.  And I'm always getting complements when I pull my C100 out around friends and family members.  One individual thought this was a Mac Book of some kind!  That is until he spotted the Chrome emblem.  He's a die hard Apple guy and he was geeking out over my little C100 and the fact I only paid $259 for it (4gb model).  I think I'm good with this guy for the next long while.I've been eye'ing the Nexus 9 but the LTE model is $499!  Add the keyboard folio for $125-135 and you get a similar experience to the laptop/tablet functionality of an ASUS C100 without the touchpad for $624!  I'd still love a Nexus Tablet but for that price I can definitely wait.  The C100 has my back until then =)AMAZON / ASUS - Add more 4GB models to stock so that I may start phasing out all my other company CB's with the ASUS C100!  And purchase them for friends and family!  Best gift ever!  For yourself or otherwise!Update - 07/24/2015I've used the C100 for a week now for personal and business use.  So far I've been able to do all my personal stuff (surfing email web vids Netflix/Hulu/etc both on the C100 and cast to my 70" flat screen via Chromecast) and everything works really well.  I've not noticed any more stutter than what I'd come to expect on my Acer C720P - not much stutter at all.  I've also conducted various video conferences hangout chat rooms with family and employees drafted policies and procedures and company letters converted docs to PDF filled out other PDFs and signed them and all this on my C100 alone.  It performs very well and will be my go-to machine for anything I may happen to need.  I also have VMs built to provide additional functionality and this device performs great in that regard too.  I'm loving the solid aluminum build keyboard and screen.  Tablet mode is a God send when I have lengthy reports to read through as I can find a comfy spot on the sofa in my lounge and read with my feet kicked up.  I already received my second C100 4GB model from Amazon - it'll probably go to my better half.  This has become the gift I get people for its affordable price and solid build/performance.I even played a bit of Cut the Rope (albeit in web format) but it was STILL fun and surprisingly fluid!  Not for hard core Witcher 3: The Wild Hunt gaming however but more android based games are going web now so I think for casual gaming (like you do on your phone) this thing is as solid as any other Chromebook out there.  Plus Google ARC is in beta so it's just a matter of time before we start seeing all those android games/apps we know and love start populating the Chrome Web Store.Original Review:I can't say enough good things about this device.  I pre-ordered the 4GB and received it in the mail Sunday July 19th.  Shipping was fast as always w/ Prime and the device was well packaged.  ChromeOS boots up in SECONDS on this thing.  It might be a tad slower than my Acer C720P but that's driven with a Haswell Intel processor.  Still this Rockchip proc w/ 4GB of ram are still snappy and I find the difference between my two chromebooks negligible.  Power efficiency is a vast improvement over my C720P and that thing has an awesome battery life!  I essentially can now leave my home without worrying about bringing the included charger for my C100.  However the charger for the C100 is also way smaller than that of my C720P so it's even lighter/easier to stuff in my bag and bring with me if I want.This thing is a blast in laptop AND tablet mode - something I didn't really expect but was pleasantly surprised with.  Everything works as advertised and works well.I've migrated away from Microsoft products due to the expense hardware requirements and vulnerability surface area that is inherent in MS.  I find I do a lot of my computing on the web via Software as a Service (Gmail Google Calendar Google All Access Hangouts Docs Sheets etc.).  I also own my own business dealing in real estate investments and have migrated my entire enterprise and data away from MS products and onto Google Apps Unlimited.  With that business solution I have UNLIMITED cloud storage that I can use for literally any kind of data - Software Pictures Videos Presentations Documents any kind of data.  My employees now have work Chromebooks instead of laptops my IT guys have it made with easy domain/device management desktops have been converted to either Chromeboxes and Chromebases and soon Chromebits and I've saved a small fortune in hardware/software costs!  I've not missed MS or the traditional PC at all as 90% of what we all do can be done via web solutions - the cloud (both personal and business) being the heart of everything and our devices (phones tablets laptops desktops and even displays like stand-alone monitors and TVs via Chromecast and soon Chromebit for full on ChromeOS desktop experience) acting as an extension of that heart.  But I digress...The ASUS C100 is an awesome addition for anyone looking for a lightweight machine to surf the web answer email schedule meetings (calendar) hold chats with 1 or more people (Hangouts) video/voice telecons (also Hangouts).  Chrome apps/extensions can be installed via the Chrome Web Store to enhance your experience and the Android App Runtime for Chrome is out in beta now so it's only a matter of time before we see android goodies on the web store as well.  I believe Evernote is already available for chrome now with the new runtime.I should also note that the last 10% of things that I can't do native on the Chromebook I can do via Platform as a Service.  I'm also a developer and require the use of CAD for some rehab/construction projects (though not usually).  I can work from my chrome product via Google Cloud Platform - it's essentially a VM or series of VM's on the Cloud that runs whatever you want (Windows and AutoCAD/AutoDesk).  All of the heavy lifting and processing are done on the cloud back end and your chromebook/box/base/bit acts as a front end display and control interface.  Yes you need an internet connection to do this kinda work but when will you EVER be without internet?  I walk down the street in any direction and my phone goes off with all kinds of WiFi access points.  I dare say you may even be able to do hardcore video editing.  The cost of PaaS is relatively insignificant when compared to hosting all your services in-house.  Believe me I've been there - never EVER wanna go back.So there you have it - Bottom line this thing rocks.  I'll be placing an order for another one for my fiance and possibly another for a gift for my little brothers graduation.