ASUS Chromebook Flip 10.1-Inch Convertible 2 in 1 Touchscreen (Rockchip 4 GB 16GB SSD Silver)This review is for the Asus Chromebook Flip 4 GB RAM modelI've been using Chromebooks for quite a while and have purchased various HP and Asus models for members of my family.  I also use a Windows 7 laptop for work and a Windows 10 desktop at home for a home theater PC (which I also access remotely from my current Chromebook laptop the Toshiba Chromebook 2 (4 GB RAM/HD Screen model) and two other Linux (Ubuntu and Mint) machines.I like the idea of Chromebooks for general purpose computing for the following main reasons:- Fast operation - pop them open and be working in seconds- Best battery life of any OS- Safe and secure no viruses adware etc.There are a some things that Chromebooks are not great at like editing video but honestly I do very little of that and have several other more capable machines that I use for those few times a year when I need to edit videos.  One thing that has really improved with Chrome OS is the availability of photo editing apps like Pixlr which are excellent and work offline.I used to have an iPad but found it too limiting.  I replaced that with a Nexus 7-2013 and although it has been a great device it is just too small and is really not great at doing real work.  This has been my go-to device for flying however and I have a bluetooth keyboard cover for it that works reasonably well but the keyboard is tiny and hard to type accurately on.I am replacing the Nexus 7 with the Asus Chromebook Flip.  The Flip is in my opinion more of a competitor to the iPad and other larger tablets than it is a competitor to most other Chromebook laptops.  Having said that it is a terrific little laptop that has a very usable keyboard.  Where it really shines though is as a "tablet with a keyboard" that happens to work very well positioned as a laptop.I am most impressed with the solid construction of the Chromebook Flip.  For <$300 you are getting a device that feels as solid as an iPad costing more than twice as much.  The Flip can do everything that an iPad can do but is also a real computer with USB ports a micro SD slot a micro HDMI video port and a built-in excellent keyboard and trackpad.  Flip it into tablet mode and it becomes an easy to hold tablet for reading Kindle books or playing games.Here are some of the things I've found the Chromebook Flip excels at:- Working in Google Docs converting PowerPoints to Slides and giving presentations using the HDMI output (I purchased a micro HDMI to standard HDMI adapter)- Running the Evernote Android app and taking notes during meetings. (I wish Evernote would create a Chrome app but until they do the Android app works well)- Running CRD (Chrome Remote Desktop) to remote into my Windows and Linux machines. The Flip's Rockwell processor is plenty powerful enough to smoothly run these remote sessions.- Running Wake-on-Lan app to remotely wake up the machines I need to access- Accessing GoToMeeting's on the go.- Watching movies and videos (I have a 64GB card to hold movies and TV shows for viewing on an airplane)- Using a stylus to annotate PDF files and for drawing in Google's drawing app. (The touch screen works really well on the Flip seems as sensitive as an iPad)- I use this device and Google Sheets to type my presentation notes when doing speeches or Webinars - it is perfect for this.I purchased the Logitech M557 Bluetooth mouse and it works well with the Flip. The Windows button brings up the Chrome OS App Launcher and the other buttons perform as expected.I recently took a one week trip to Europe and this Chromebook was invaluable on the plane - I read Kindle books and watched movies and TV shows that I had put on the SD card the entire way and the battery held up throughout 8+ hour flights.I usually would write some pros and cons but honestly I cannot think of any cons for this device.