Very well made Chromebook. had to choose this over the Acer R11 convertible for a couple of reasons.This unit is made of metal and constructed like a MacAir. It is extremely lightweight. The unique hingedesign makes it very practical to use. The keyboard while being small is very usable with a minimum oftypos at speed. The touchpad and touch screen are both very responsive and I find myself mostly usingthe screen to scroll because the unit is so light weight. It has a very clear and crisp display which couldbe a little brighter for outside viewing. Only major gripe is that The speakers are not quite loud enough. I feelthe sound level is just a tad under which the average max is for most Chromebooks on the market. That beingsaid I still chose this unit over many others. Wi-Fi connectivity is instant and consistent no drop outs at alland no issues with Wi-fi range at home or in public. Processor speed for this Rockchip is very impressive the4G Ram make a noticeable difference don't settle for a 2G Chromebook you will be sorry when multitasking.I usually have on average just over 8 tabs open at a time with several streaming and several secure connectionsand have zero lag or hiccups. I can't even do that on my I-5 Win 10 PC without hanging up.I use it for endlessstreaming Netflix Hulu Amazon and other media. Also double duty as a lightweight access to work email andlight tasks. MS office for work and Kami PDF convert programs are free for mobile. These take care of most myneeds. Otherwise Chrome Remote to Desktop Extension from Chrome Store provides me with remote accessto my Win 10 PC at home to get started on heavy duty tasks. I use it on the Bus and on the Train. At 10.1 inand just under 2lbs it's barely noticeable in my bag. The aforementioned Acer R11 Convertible comes with afull size HDMI port and 3.0 USB ports is a bit thicker and weighs around 2.6lbs. Great specs but it lost out tothis Asus because of the portability almost 9hr battery life speed and Screen which is much sharper andclearer than most budget Chromebooks. I am posting Octane 2.0 and Wifi- access speed tests in photos.(This is my 2nd unit. First unit was purchased at discount from Amazon listed as "Used like new". Unit wasperfect except Webcam did not work. Returned to Amazon and purchsed new one for $20 bucks more.I fault the seller and not Amazon or Asus.)Recommend.