Intro:I’ve been using the Chromebook Flip for a little over a week and wanted to share my thoughts on living with it. I’m a college student so I wanted a lightweight chromebook that I can take to campus and use for homework studying and media consumption. This was the first chromebook I found that really caught my attention because of it’s versatility build quality and price.Screen:When I first started considering the Chromebook Flip I was afraid that 10” screen would be frustratingly small when trying to work with several windows open. However after using it as my primary machine I rarely feel like the screen hinders my workflow. I find the screen to be too small to run two windows simultaneously. While you can do it it’s not a pleasant experience and it starts to feel like you’re looking at two phone screens sitting side by side. So instead I set all the windows to full screen and quickly switch between them using the touchscreen.  I never felt hindered using this method. If you want a bigger workspace there is a fullscreen button on the keyboard which removes the lower taskbar tab navigator search bar and bookmarks. Putting the cursor at the top or bottom of the screen or swiping in from the top or bottom with your finger will bring back the bars. This can be useful if you’re only using one window because it makes switching between windows and tabs pretty annoying. I’ve gotten used to the display size so much so that my 4 y/o 15.6” laptop now looks comically big. It’s important to note that my laptop has a 768p display whereas the chromebook has a 800p display. This means that the chromebook has approximately the same amount of screen real estate with the consequence of everything looking smaller.The IPS display has very good viewing angles much better than on my laptop. The screen gets bright enough and dim enough for all the situations I’ve used it for. If you set the brightness to the lowest point it will turn the display off and continue running your programs in the background. That way you can listen to podcasts and music without the display sucking battery.Battery:Battery life has been exceptional compared to my laptop which lasts a measly 1 hr unplugged. The Chromebook Flip is reaching anywhere from 6 to 8 hrs based off my unscientific estimates. I can usually go 2 to 3 days without charging it if I only use it a few hours a day. So far I’ve only once completely drained the battery in one day and that’s because I spent the whole day doing school work with it. It fully charges in about 2 hrs.Performance:I was skeptical of the Rockchip processor since it wasn’t a brand I was familiar with like Intel. However I haven’t had any issues with performance. Scrolling through dense websites can be choppy at first but once all the graphics and ads are loaded it becomes buttery smooth. The chromebook has trouble playing 60fps youtube videos by dropping frames and buffering every few seconds. From what I’ve heard this more of a problem with Chrome OS than the processor itself. Scrolling though long PDF documents (10+ pages) can also be choppy but it’s not at all unbarable. I bought the 4gb model so I cannot comment on the 2gb version.Inputs/Outputs:In my opinion the Chromebook flip comes with the perfect amount of ports. It has two USB 2.0 ports a headphone/microphone jack micro HDMI port and a microSD card slot. My wireless USB mouse connected seamlessly on the first try which is much better than most windows laptops. I do wish the HDMI port was full size but that’s better than not having one at all (looking at you macbook...). The USB ports do provide power so you can charge your phone off the Chromebook even when the Chromebook is unplugged. Chrome OS doesn’t support all file formats. I can play .mp4 without issues but not .avi videos so keep this in mind. If there is a specific file format you depend on go check the list of supported file formats.The chromebook has an extra set of volume controls and an extra power button on the left side of the keyboard half. The volume controls are useful when using the chromebook like a tablet but I’ve found the power button to be completely useless. Pressing it does nothing holding it down locks the chromebook and holding it down even longer shuts down the chromebook. I wish instead that the button locked the chromebook AND turned off the display with a single press much like a traditional tablet.Keyboard/Trackpad:The keyboard and trackpad are both small which should be expected from a 10” laptop. However both are still nice to use and easy to get used to. The keyboard feels nice to type on and the keys have decent travel. Despite the size I am still able to type quickly and accurately. The trackpad tracks well and has a solid satisfying click. Two finger scrolling on the Chromebook Flip is the best I’ve ever felt and is on par with macbooks. It doesn’t support pinch to zoom however zooming can easily be done using the touchscreen.Speakers/headphones:The Chromebook Flip has two downward facing speakers underneath the keyboard. The quality is pretty average. The bass is weak and the sound is pretty tinny when listening to music. However I have no complaints when listening to dialogue from Netfilx or Youtube. My main issue with the speakers is that the max volume isn’t very loud. One day I was in the kitchen cooking with the dishwasher and clothes dryer running while food was sizzling on the stove. All of this combined made it difficult to hear the audio from the chromebook. The headphone quality is good enough to my ear so there is nothing that I find praiseworthy or reprehensible.Versatility:The Chromebook flip can be used in 4 ways: Laptop presentation tent and tablet. I find myself using all of these modes regularly. However don’t expect to get a tablet experience from the Chromebook Flip. Tablet mode is handy when watching video and scrolling through websites but without true apps the experience is severely limited. However it’s still great to have when you want it. Even though Chrome OS isn’t designed for touch screens it handles touch input remarkably well. Using your fingers you can zoom drag and scroll pretty much anything you’re looking at and the OS does so cleanly and smoothly.Once you fold the screen past 180 degrees the chromebook enters tablet mode which forces all windows into fullscreen. A button is added to the taskbar which allows you to see small previews of all your open windows to make switching between them easier. You can also switch between your windows with the taskbar.Conclusion:Convenient is the best word to describe this device. It’s not powerful it’s not perfect and it won’t replace your Windows or Mac machine but it’s so convenient to have around. Because it’s small light and well built it’s perfect for traveling with or taking to campus. It’s much more convenient to walk around the house with this instead of my bulky laptop and its power brick. The aluminum build looks amazing and feels much more expensive than it actually is. I wouldn’t buy this or any chromebook as a your primary machine unless you have very basic needs. However the Chromebook Flip is the perfect secondary machine. If you want apps and games use your phone. If you want to do pc gaming video editing or any other serious work loads use your laptop or desktop. For everything else use the chromebook. That “everything else” adds up to a lot and makes the $269 I spent on it well worth it. The quality and functionality that you get for $269 is unrivaled by any other Chromebook or laptop. The only reason I would recommend a different Chromebook is if you can’t afford this one or if 10” is too small for you.