********************* Scroll to end to see why I've downgraded my review of this item from 5 to 2 stars ************************This is the first item that I purchased from Amazon returned it then immediately bought another one! At well under $300 (4G model) these little gems are a great bargain!So why did I have to return the first one I bought? My internal microphone didn’t work. Asus support was good and after a little troubleshooting they said to send it in under warranty or return it to Amazon (I chose the latter). Another common problem that buyers have reported are keyboard malfunctions so if you buy one test each and every key when you get yours. I’m still giving it 5 stars.12 things I like about the Asus Flip 10.1:1. It boots in 10 seconds.2. It’s sleek aluminum case feels like an upscale laptop.3. It’s feather-light so it’s the ultimate portable device for the couch the bed and coffee shops. It barely takes up any space in a backpack or on your side tables. I’m guessing that a woman could easily slip the Asus into many purses and forget it’s there.4. The screen brightness contrast and color will impress you (even at 720p). Most Chromebooks generally have washed-out screens but this one is a joy to look at even at wide angles.5. I’m getting an amazing 9 hours on the battery (more or less depending on tasks). I use this Asus all day long and unlike my other laptops I only charge it when I’m sleeping! (Hint when you’re not working close the lid to conserve even more battery.)6. It is the smallest device with a keyboard that I can comfortably touch-type on (I do have smaller man's hands). The keyboard just feels right. For me typing beats thumbs every time!7. A typical tablet/keyboard combo tends to tippy because tablet outweighs the lightweight keyboard attached to it. Not so with the Flip you can push the screen all the way back and it's not tippy because more weight is in the keyboard component (like most laptops). Nice.8. The touch screen is great. Even in normal laptop mode I find myself routinely using my fingers and thumb to click on links and scroll the screen.  In tablet mode the touch screen works well for me - tapping pinching and typing with the onscreen keyboard with the same ease as my smartphone. (most Chromebooks don’t have a touchscreen.)9. In tablet mode the ability to use a stylus to write or draw was an unexpected bonus. I wrote a good-sized email last night just using my (optional) stylus. The handwriting recognition software is excellent. (Look for the 3 dots left of the onscreen keyboard in tablet mode to switch to pen.)10. I usually use my Nexus 7 for reading but honestly I’m now using the Asus Flip 10.1 to read my books using the Kindle Cloud Reader! Why hold a reader when this petite Chromebook will hold the screen in a convenient L or tent mode for you?11. As a former UNIX System Admin I can testify that the small efficient Linux-based Chrome OS will be robust and largely trouble-free.12. No more big Windows updates to install along with the obligatory reboots. (Then you have to cross your fingers that everything still works.)5 ways that a Chromebook saves money:1. Buy a Chromebook for half the price or less of the average Windows-based laptop.2. Google Play provides the very-usable Google Docs and Sheets apps for free. I’ve written and edited many of my Word and Excel files already with no problems (a few power-user features may not work).3. If you can think of it there’s probably a free Google App for it. I installed and tested Pixlr yesterday a free photo editor. It’s features and interface is very similar to my $100 Photoshop elements (Yes Pixlr has layers and most of the expected tools too.)4. Forget about viruses and paying for expensive virus protection. Chromebooks generally don’t get viruses. (But still remember to use strong passwords and other common sense security measures.)5. No more money spent on the next big Windows upgrade coming or worrying if your system has enough CPU or RAM to run it. Also no more worrying if your expensive favorite apps will work on the next upgrade or perhaps you will need to upgrade your apps too!  Over the years all of the above have happened to me repeatedly. I'm not giving up my expensive Windows system today but it's been turned off now for 3 weeks.The few minor things that I’m not very impressed with:1. I consider the tablet mode a nice-to-have feature that I’ll seldom use. I don’t like holding a 10-inch tablet because it just feels awkward to me (even though the Asus only weighs 2 pounds). Also the keys feel kind of weird to me on the back as a tablet when I’m holding it. (I’m sure that a diehard tablet user would quickly become accustomed to it.)2. As a former HP employee the several hardware failures this model has had in the field does perturb me. There’s simply no excuse to release a product with those problems. Still I’ve been using my second unit for a couple of weeks now with no problems.3. The speakers are weak but I normally use headphones anyway. Realistically I don’t know where the engineers would put better speakers on this little unit and they do need to keep the price low.4. It has no delete key on the keyboard. (Hint: highlight text then hit backspace key.)5. A 1080p resolution screen would be nice but I did not expect that at the low price they are asking for these units.TIPS:1. Enable Google Now so you can do searches just like your Android phone with your voice. Go to your Chrome browser settings then go to the Search section to enable it.2. Buy a Micro SD card to increase your local storage. I bought a 64G card and inserted it (instantly recognized). With nearly all my docs and spreadsheets on Google Drive I doubt that I’ll ever use this storage but it’s nice to know it’s there.3. Enable offline editing of your Google Drive files. This is nice to have for the rare times that you  can’t connect to the internet but you want to view or edit one of your docs. Just open Google Drive then click on gear icon in upper right click on settings then just click the offline checkbox. Now your docs will be available offline too.4. Make a Chrome system recovery image on a USB stick (minimum 4G). Just download the simple Recovery App free from Google Play run it and follow instruction to make the image (very quick). If you ever need to recover you Chrome OS do this: turn off the Chromebook then power on while holding F3+refresh keys and follow instructions to recover your system.5. Buy a Chromecast streaming device ($35) for your TV then Install the free Google Cast extension in the Chrome browser. Now you can browse the web and view any browser tab on your TV a great way to watch any online movies or videos on your big screen. The native resolution of Asus Flip is 720p so that’s what it will cast on your TV. However apps like YouTube have a built-in icon to cast videos at full HD if desired. I also own a Roku 3 but I generally prefer the user interface in a browser when searching and playing videos.If you’ve read this far thanks! Now don’t think about it just go buy this thing. I’ll try to remember to give an update after I’ve had this unit a bit longer.UPDATEI've been using my replacement Asus Chromebook Flip 10.1 for a full month now with absolutely no problems. I'm retired so I use this Asus a lot everyday from dawn to late night and I still only have to charge it when I'm sleeping. The keyboard continues to work perfectly (no failed keys) and the wi-fi has never dropped on this unit. My impressions are still the same too. It's a perfect portable size smaller than any typical laptop but still very easy to type on with a bright sharp screen. The speakers are better than my first impression possibly because when I watch videos in "L" mode the speakers face up! My old 7"  tablet stays in the drawer now and my 15" Win 10 laptop stays mostly turned off. What else could you want?UPDATE April 27 2016 - My Asus Flip 10.1 is still working perfectly and I use it more than ever.UPDATE November 8 2016 - I'm happy to report that my Asus Flip 10.1 (C100PADB02 - 4G model) is still working perfectly. I use use it  regularly from sunrise to sundown with no real issues only charging it at night. Its sleek aluminum skin remains unmarred. Because my Roku apps have limitations I'm now using the Asus Flip even more now to Chromecast video and music to my TV system (e.g. Amazon content and music). My girlfriend decided that she had to have one too so now we are often found together with side-by-side units! At only 2 lbs the form-factor is perfect for couch or bed-surfing!  I'm using Google Docs and Sheets quite often now as free replacements for the expensive MS Office products. My Chromebook hasn't had one virus (OS is locked-down) and it updates in a minute with a quick reboot.UPDATE: Unfortunately I have to downgrade this system to 2 stars because for months now I've had the chronic "Aw Snap" problems where browser tabs crash and one must reload them. I've tried ALL the recommended fixes such as: simply reloading the page (tiresome) removing all browser extensions re-installing chrome (simple but tiresome) changing privacy settings closing tabs powering off regularly etc. etc. Asus said if I send it in for repairs they don't guarantee to fix it and research indicates that this is NOT a hardware problem. Chrome support pages simply parrot the above fixes and nothing new has been posted on this for some time now and Chrome users are still suffering with the problem. The consensus is this is a Chrome browser issue as Windows users running this browser also experience this chronic issue. I'm guessing that at some point a Chrome update created this problem as I did not have it in earlier versions of the Chrome OS. I still love this Asus system size and features and the Chrome experience but this "Aw Snap" issue is quickly becoming a deal-killer.