UPDATE no. 4: This may be made of aluminum but it's a soft aluminum. There's a small dents in it nothing serious but this from normal use.UPDATE no. 3.: There is still some weird touch things going on. Touching the thick bezels will activate touch functions like opening a bookmark folder or closing the browser completely. Opening it again gives me an empty tab so I have to open recent tabs to get back where I was. This happens by just grabbing the screen to reposition it just my thumb touching the bezels.I rarely use it as a tablet so not sure any of those issues have returned but there is touch actions going on here from touching the bezels.UPDATE no. 2: Got the replacement and all issues are gone. Seems I did get a lemon.UPDATE: I seem to have got a lemon so sending back and getting another one. The touch issues expanded into trackpad issues. I would get dropdowns without doing anything trackpad would stop working bizarre things would popup. Did a factory reset and no help logged in with a different gmail account and no help. Removed all extensions and no help. So hopefully it's just one of those things a bad unit.Got this two days ago. Got tired of web pages that don't work right on my tablet (what is it with these developers who disable pinch and zoom on mobile? 1 size is not close enough). I bike pretty much everywhere and would throw my tablet in my panniers and head out. So today I took this instead (about the same size) and during lunch whipped it out could zoom on the pages where the idiots disabled it on mobile answered some emails without having to deal with virtual keyboard.I tested it against my tablet and web pages load faster almost without exception.I did encounter a few hiccups with tablet mode. While watching netflix in full screen if I didn't reduce the screen before flipping the keyboard back it got stuck in some weird halfway place. Pressed the power button to logout and after logging in all was well. Duplicated this problem twice.Another time it wouldn't register touch at all but flipped back to out of tablet ok. Had to reboot to get touch back.I'll see how that goes but for now I'm quite pleased with it.