I bought this when my first-gen Samsung Galaxy tablet finally took a dump and stopped working. I thought this laptop/ tablet hybrid would fit the bill well since my home laptop is also aging and slow.  Overall Asus has put out a great product for the price.  It has a sleek solid build quality and moves seamlessly between laptop and tablet mode.  The keyboard is small but functional.  I got the 4G version and it's reasonably quick (slows down once you have 10+ chrome tabs open but that is understandable).  I am able to use the Remote Desktop function to connect to my work laptop so I don't have to take it home on nights and weekends. I love how it props itself up in tablet mode and the screen angle can be adjusted to your liking.  My main complaint about this device is lack of tablet functionality and App support.  I frequently used my Samsung tablet for reading magazine subscriptions via Google Newsstand and the Amazon Kindle App.  None of my subscriptions across either of those platforms work on this device since they are all available only in Android Apps not browser versions of Google Newsstand and Kindle Cloud Reader respectively. Also Google's "App" for Google Play Movies & TV is not an app at all and just takes you to the browser site so even though I have purchased content and am able to download it on my device it is useless to me when offline because launching Google Movies just takes me to a browser window that says it can't connect to the internet.  Basically I just don't understand why we can't get native versions of Android apps scaled for the Chromebook OS - without them the tablet feature of this device just feels half-baked.  I guess this is more a complaint about Google support and software for its devices rather than the Asus device itself but this should have been contemplated/ integrated prior to release of this laptop/ tablet hybrid.  I am keeping this Chromebook for home but buying another Samsung tablet for reading magazines and watching media while traveling.