NIKON D7200 REVIEWI have always appreciated it when others especially early adopters/buyers take the time to write a thoughtful review of their own experiences with cameras and other equipment that I am interested in here on Amazon.Thus my motivation for this review is to- pay it back.My photo interests are photographing wildlife birds (especially hummingbirds) people & groups- pretty general stuff. While I do not make my living at photography I have been studying and working at improving my photography for many years.Presently I have and use the Nikon D300 & D600. Generally I keep a long lens on the D300 (a DX-crop-sensor body) for immediate use if/when wildlife wanders by as we live in a rural setting. The D600 (a FX or full-frame body) is my workhorse camera that I carry with me just about all the time.  I had a D7000 (DX body) but gave it as a gift to my wife when upgrading to the D600. I really enjoyed using the D7000 but  no getting a gift back once given!(If interested you can view examples of my photography at:  www dot flickr dot com/photos/pms_swim/  --  You will need to replace dot with a period (.)  Amazon still strips out web addresses in reviews I think). Anyway I decided to get a newer DX body as I have been using the D600 (FX) exclusively & would like to experience just a tad more reach a DX body provides with birds in flight with the lenses I use.Initially I purchased a refurbished D7100 (DX) -it seems like a nice camera but the copy I got had a very dirty sensor & I returned it. Thus I decided to buy a new body but could not find a great deal to warrant the expenditure at that point. This was before I heard about the D7200.Sothat is  how I came to pre-order a D7200 after reading about features and so forth. I was attracted to the fast shutter speeds up to 1/8000 sec (my D600 only goes to 1/4000 sec) the faster frame rate & relatively larger buffer the upgrade with auto-focus (AF). I am not into video yet but note that the D7200 seems capable.Likewise I am not sure I will use the wireless feature but hope to explore it soon.One obstacle I had to accept when ordering the D7200 is the lack of software support.In preparation for arrival of new camera I updated my Nikon software on one computer:switching from View NX to the just released  View NX-I and from Capture NX2 to the new Capture NX-Dso I would have software on hand to read the D7200  NEF (RAW) photo files.You probably have noticed that there always seems to be lag time in getting upgrades to photo software (e.g. Adobe) that accommodates the photo files produced by new cameras. I also purchased an inexpensive OP/TECH USA SUPER CLASSIC uni-loop camera strap  (here on Amazon) to replace the gaudy  NIKON camera straps. In addition to appearing more low-key when out & about with the camera it allows for easy switching to / from a wrist strap and for the temporary removal of the neck strap when placing camera on a tripod if desired.Another plus/factor in buying this camera is that it uses the same Nikon battery as the D600 so I have spares already on hand.Likewise the SD/SDHC memory card slot(s) use the same memory cards I have a supply of.AND THE CAMERA ARRIVED TODAY! I was a tad concerned to see that Amazon only packed the camera box inside another box without any additional packaging (air space) materials otherwise the out of the box experience was pretty great.  I slipped a charged battery in place & 2 SDHC cards & formatted them placed the 24-120mm F/4 Nikon AF-S lens on.Then I walked around the pond on a rare (of late) sunny day here in southwest Arkansas. (see photos). I was adjusting menus as I went. The AUTO  setting produced nice photos in the shade but was trying to POP UP  the flash with bright backgrounds so I switched to aperture priority & set the ISO about 500.Also I am used to setting the AE-L/AF-L button on back as my AF on button and use the shutter only for metering & shutter release. I had some initial confusion in doing this as the AUTOFOCUS menu scrolls up into MOVIE settings & I kept missing that detail. I eventually remembered how to set the AE-L/AF-L button & shutter release button correctly. Fortunately one of the cats accompanied me on the stroll around the pond & proved to be a great model for trying AF with & without 3d tracking AF on. Using 3d tracking AF II was able to fire away & capture most of the shots in sharp focus as the cat rushed toward me. Without 3d tracing AF II would only get the initial photo in focus. The autofocus is very quick. I also took photos of bees in front of their hive birds in flight  fish on the surface of the pond and several flowers. The exposure and colors on the back of the camera (saving both NEF to card 1 JPG to card 2) look great. Now over exposed  several photos on this very bright day but that was more camera operator error.  I will want to try the AF later near dusk to see how camera operates in lowlight.I will try to post these examples (cat fish on pond daffodils birds in flight  honey bees peach blossoms) for your viewing. NoteI still need to open & review the camera manual.  Nor have I loaded the photos into the computer to see what ViewNX-I or Capture NX-D do with the NEF (RAW) files.I will try to update if there is any interest. I will also try to answer any questions.UPDATE: for past couple of days  I have tried to strip the non-characters" from this review but they keep showing back up so i nuked review & tried to redo. We will see. sorry. best intentions gone astray.Using the 300mm f/4 AF-S Nikor prime lens gives me hope that the autofocus will perform admirably. I took some photos of birds about bird feeder & will try to post them here also. (NOTE: photos that I am attaching are from NEF files converted via VIEW NX-I at about 60% balance quality/compression to jpgs. trade off size of file vs. helping you view details. I will also post to my FLICKR site at 100% (see address above in review). Also I am having to learn how to use new Nikon Capture NX-D & View NX-I.