First a shout out to the seller wikrum for sending a laptop that was pretty much like new. There were no scratches or marks of any kind. Considering that I was buying this PC "used" I was very pleasantly surprised by the item.Ok so I bought this particular "late 2012" model Macbook pro for 2 specific reasons. The first was that my traveling laptop was getting a little long in the tooth and I needed something sturdy yet light (lighter than my 7lbs Dell). My wife has a 2014 Macbook Air but I really dislike using it. The screen feels too wobbly when I type on it and because it inclines thinly towards the front for me its more difficult to put my palms on it and type.  So the Pro seemed like the best fit. But I also didn't want to dish out $1300 for a new Pro  that I knew I'd be putting through traveling stresses as well as risks of damage and theft. Hence the second hand purchase.As a traveling companionhow this guy has fared? I cannot say because my wife has taken the Macbook pro and dumped me with her Air :-(. Apparently she didn't like the wobbly screen of her Air as well and "Appropriated " mine. But according to her it runs as well as her(now mine) Air and even gives a decent battery life of 4 hours.The second and more important reason for this particular model is that its the last model that can be easily "speced" up by the user without much computer/electronics know how.(I know you can buy higher specs from Apple directly but I'd rather not spend an additional $200 on something that would cost me $30 and 10 minutes)  All the models that have come after this have soldered RAM and weird proprietary pins for the SSDs as well as glued batteries. Since my Windows laptops all have SSDs I've gotten used to lightening fast wake/start of my windows laptops and quicker responses. Since this Pro came with an HD I knew I would have to upgrade it to make sure it would not move like molasses(compared to windows laptops). And With a 10 minute job of installing a 256SSD and 8GB RAM it runs like a champ at least that's what my wife tells me. Its as fast if not faster than her(now mine) 2014 Air.Now I'm not going to go into details of why you should buy a Mac there is plenty of literature for it. I just wanted to tell you why I bought this particular PC. It's pretty sturdy for traveling without fear of sinking $1300 into it and more importantly  if you have the brains to unscrew some screws you can upgrade this Pro to last for the next 5-7 years. (Something you can't easily do with the models that follow it)