After a lot of research I decided to buy this camera and I couldn't be happier with my purchase - I love it! Previously I was using the Nikon D5300 a fantastic camera in its own right. When it became damaged I had to decide whether to replace the same model or upgrade to a new camera. Other reviewers have given great reviews on the technical aspects already but since some of you may be wondering whether to jump from the 5000 series to the 7000 series like I did I thought I'd offer my humble comparison.The two camera models are similar but different enough that it will take some time to get used to the change. I am still trying to learn the ins and outs of the D7200 because it offers so many more options; if you want bells and whistles the D7200 has them: an in-camera level more buttons to make quick changes or assign them to new uses and quicker access to settings are a few that come to mind. Back button focus (if you use it as I do) takes a few extra steps to set up than I remember it on the D5300 but this camera offers it and it works perfectly. Performance-wise it is not so very different from the D5300 but the D7200 seems to lock focus just a tiny bit faster and more accurately especially in low light and I'm able to bump my ISO a bit higher without as much noise as before. One other reason I chose this camera is that it has the auto fine-tuning feature which allows you to fine tune your lenses to the camera which the D5300 did not have. I have had lens focus issues in the past and this camera has helped me to make sure my lenses are ready to go.As to the camera body it is water resistant and pretty rugged which gives me greater peace of mind when I'm out shooting in a light sprinkling of rain or at the beach. I haven't done any accidental drop tests yet (knock on wood) but it certainly feels heavy and sturdy. One thing the D7200 does not have which I had on the D5300 and do miss having is an adjustable angle viewing screen on the back. On the D7200 it is attached to the back of the camera which helps with the weatherproofing aspect but makes it difficult for me to see the screen when I'm lying on the ground shooting and impossible while taking a self-portrait. The top-mounted LCD is fantastic for quickly changing my settings. I also love that it has a light I can turn on and off when needed. The weight difference between the D5300 and the D7200 is noticeable (the D7200 is heavier) but it's not uncomfortable to hold. The battery life is also noticeably longer on the D7200 (previously I kept three batteries in my camera bag; now I carry just two).In all I have been so happy with the performance I have gotten out of this camera. I doubt I will be upgrading anytime in the next decade because it does such an amazing job for me that I have no need of anything else.