After a lot of researching I chose this laptop and am very happy with the purchase.Received it yesterday and I've put this laptop to a whole lot of scrutiny and have barely managed to find flaws.This is most likely going to be a lengthy review although it should hopefully cover all the important things.So after some searching I narrowed down my options to the following 3 new releases -1. HP 15-ay013nr - HP 15-ay013nr 15.6" Full-HD Laptop (6th Generation Core i5 8GB RAM 128GB SSD) with Windows 102. ASUS F556UA-AS54 ASUS F556UA-AS54 15.6-inch Full-HD Laptop (Core i5 8GB RAM 256GB SSD) with Windows 10 Icicle Gold3. This guyWhile the HP option is cheaper 128GB could fill up pretty soon especially considering I plan to dual-boot Ubuntu and have lot of software I need for work. So I ruled that one out.The ASUS one comes really close in config to this one with the one major difference being that this fellow has a dedicated graphics card and the ASUS one doesn't. But how major is that? I knew GTX 940MX is not even close in performance to GTX 960 and above but believed it should still be faster than the integrated Intel HD 520 and since it is about 15-30 W TDP it shouldn't be too heavy on the battery either. Couldn't find benchmarks online comparing Intel HD 520 and GTX 940MX head to head so I'm sharing some GFXbench benchmarks that I ran to compare the two. Basically 1.5x to 2x improvement in graphics horsepower. Not a lot but better than 1x so games should be slightly better :)Plus I was interested in learning some parallel computing with CUDA considering all the buzz around deep learning. And thus Acer won!Hopefully this was useful information if you were wondering how much extra this dedicated graphics card brings to the table.Now a quick rundown on different features below -Build - This is not aluminium like the Mac nor is this Dell XPS or Lenovo Thinkpad sturdy. It is black plastic but at the same time it does not feel like a cheap build either. For the price it is really good I like the grip. Not too heavy and it's thinner than it appears in the photos. A customer review for the ASUS laptop mentioned that the plastic felt fragile this reinforced my decision to go with the Acer model.RAM - 1x8GB DDR4 is fit in this model while the other slot is empty so you can fit in another 8GB card make it 16 if you want. Although for everyday computing 8GB is plentiful. Plus it has 2GB of GDDR5 memory for graphicsStorage - 256GB SSD is so worth it. SSD makes a whole lot of difference to speed app load times and boot times. Your PC feels so fast you'd never want to go back to the regular hard drive again. Also I found out recently that the SSD in this is an M.2 SSD (Samsung MZNLN256HCHP) and the other hard disk slot is empty. So basically you could buy a 1TB hard drive for like less than $75 and bump up the storage while still having Windows and all your software run from the SSD << This feature makes me like the laptop all the more.Processor - 6200U is a dual core 4 thread CPU. This is less powerful than the 6300HQ i5s found in the more expensive gaming laptops but totally good enough for everyday computing and it consumes much lesser power (<15W) which makes it good for the battery. A single core Geekbench mark of about 2.7k and multi-core benchmark of 5.8k (attached image) is of-course not awesome or anything but more than enough for regular use. I'm also sharing the octane benchmark score - 28k.GPU - As mentioned above GTX 940MX offers between 1.5 and 2x improvement in graphics horsepower and is a low power card so it wouldn't drain your battery. Definitely a nice to have (benchmarks comparing it with integrated graphics attached). Also if you own an Nvidia Sheild device please note that 940MX does NOT support Gamestream.Screen - Pretty good I'd say 15.6 inch is perfect for working on the couch. It's not IPS so viewing angles might not be too high but pretty good nevertheless plus it's got the anti-glare finish. I like it works for me.Keyboard and touchpad - I was a little unsure how comfortable this will be I never liked the extra number pad in laptops which shifts the center towards the left making it all weird to type. But surprisingly it doesn't seem much of a problem in this laptop. Typing is quite comfortable contrary to what I expected. Backlit keyboard is a bonus. The touchpad works fine however sweaty hands make it a little un-smooth.Battery - Excellent battery life. Acer claims 12 hours but I wouldn't hold my breath on it. Expect about 8-10 hours of battery life perhaps 6-8 if you constantly stream 1080p videos. But 6-8 hours of youtube is not bad at all it's awesome in-fact. However note that the battery cannot be plucked out and replaced (this is a con though I wouldn't remove a star for just this)Sound - Now with everything so good about the laptop you'd think there has to be a flaw in at-least the sound right. But Nope! Acer's got this one as well. Don't expect Bose or Beats but for a laptop it is quite loud and clear.I started looking at Macbooks for setting up a work desk at home but after seeing the plethora of Windows options with much better configs for lesser prices decided to go with Windows for work and a maybe a chromebook for carrying around (Acer Chromebook 14 - eyes on you).Very well done by Acer kudos.Update -Ports - has got them all - USB 3.0 USB 2.0 USB Type C HDMI VGA Ethernet SD card reader and DVD drive (always a bonus)Heating - haven't had any heating issues so far can barely hear the fan.Adding a couple of photos to the review one of them shows the thickness of the laptop.