I'm writing this review on this very system so that I can accurately give you all of the information you'll need prior to purchasing. Granted I already can tell you I'm not a fan of the keyboard—but that's not at the fault of Acer; rather I'm not a fan of *any* membrane keyboard. More on this particular keyboard later.Quick summary: No IPS panel grippy trackpad low disk space mushy keyboard great I/O solid performance easy upgradability runs quiet good battery life very light flaky HDD area decent-sounding speakers.Now what kind of person is this laptop suited for? This in my mind is by no means a desktop replacement. Not a chance. Instead it would make for a nice desktop peripheral. It's light and powerful enough that you can take it on the go but I wouldn't expect to render a Full HD video on this thing and have it take less than four hours. Can you comfortably use this with Photoshop? Sure you can. You can even get Vegas up and running on here and with the extra RAM slot being open you can stick another 8 GB in it. I'm not certain what the maximum amount of RAM you can have in here but I heard that you can get up to 32 GB (2x16 sticks) but I cannot verify that.Onto the performance: This laptop has two models that you can choose from here on Amazon. This was the part that confused me the most and it led to much research on my end. You can pick from either the i5-6200U or the i7-6500U. If you're on the edge save yourself the extra $150 and get the i5 version. Why? At this particular price point of $550 you aren't going to notice any difference at all while using it unless you want to save an extra few minutes rendering video. The i7-6500U has a mere 10% performance increase over its i5 counterpart. Both have two cores and four threads. Trust me the i7 is not worth the $150 upgrade or the fancy sticker. The included RAM is 2133 MHz Kingston. To be honest it's rare to find this kind of speed on a non-gaming laptop. RAM speeds don't make much of a difference in real world applications but I was expecting something along the lines of 1600 or 1333 MHz. Also the included SSD is a much-needed upgrade from a standard HDD. It also happens to be a Kingston but I don't have any numbers for write and read speed. Sorry about that. Either way the system boots up in seconds and apps open very quickly.Build quality and comfort: This thing has acceptable build quality. The screen has flex (expected) and the entire thing is made out of a plastic brushed-aluminum mock-up. It's trying to look like aluminum but it's just not. Because of this it is a fingerprint magnet especially on the typing/wrist rest area. Side note: this thing is not very comfortable to type on. The area where my arm rests to type is met by a sharp edge of the laptop and it happens to leave an imprint on my wrist. Not comfortable for extended periods of time. The area I'm talking about is right where the lid closes. I think they made it the sharp edge to meet with the lid better but my wrists certainly don't appreciate it.Weight: This thing is light (just over five pounds). So light that you can't lift the lid with one hand; instead the entire thing comes with you. I wish this wasn't the case as I'm used to only using one hand but I'll excuse it because of its lack of weight (my other laptop is well over 10 pounds). The performance to weight ratio on this machine is definitely above average especially at this price point. Good job on that Acer. I won't mind hauling this around to class all day.I/O: Probably important to you if you're looking for specific ports. This machine is loaded with I/O: both old and new. It has a 3.1 type C port (not Thunderbolt compatible unfortunately) two USB 3.0 ports one USB 2.0 port a multi-jack (headphones line in etc) a HDMI port and a VGA port. It also includes a Kensington lock and of course the AC power port. Oh yeah you even get a DVD drive in this thing. You won't usually see those elsewhere.Graphics/Display: This has a dedicated video card which I wasn't expecting. Granted it's not the best but it's better than the integrated graphics. It may not be by a huge margin but at least it's there. Probably around a 2x increase over the Intel HD Graphics you usually see in laptops like this. The display is 1920x1080 on a 15.6" screen. This is my first laptop this small and to be honest it took some getting used to. For most people 15.6" seems to be the sweet spot and I can see why. It's not bulky enough to be a nuisance to lug around but it's not small enough to where videos aren't enjoyable to watch. The panel is not IPS however so you're going to have some off viewing angles. But then again I'm usually indifferent about panel type because I always look at the screen head-on.Update 8/12: I notice this display has some type of "adaptive brighness." While I can't find any documentation on it (granted I haven't looked for it in the manual) if you're looking at a rather dark image (dark grays dark forests night photos overall dark videos etc.) the display will dim regardless of the brightness setting. If you switch back to a white image it'll slowly fade to the higher brightness. It also appears to flicker during this process. I can't find a setting to disable this option but perhaps I've not looked hard enough. I'll report back later if I find one.Update 8/13: I checked the Windows settings and adaptive display is turned off in the power options menu. This must mean it's baked into the hardware unless there's a setting somewhere in some Acer program.Update 1/1/17: I figured out that the brightness adjustment is via Intel and some of you pointed this out to me via the comment sections. To disable it you need to open the Intel HD Graphics software navigate to Power and disable the power saving technology.Also I tweaked some of the color settings in the Intel control panel because the colors seem oversaturated. I'll blame the display technology and I have no idea what Acer ExaColor is. I hate proprietary technology that isn't explained.Keyboard: Dedicated area for this. Pretty much your run-of-the-mill laptop keyboard. Key travel is not what I want it to be and it seems especially mushy to type on. This is coming from somebody who has a heavy bias towards mechanical keyboards. Somehow I was able to type this whole review on this laptop's keyboard however. Also bare in mind that this is my first membrane typing experience in a few months so if you're used to laptop keyboards you probably won't be disappointed. Probably the best thing about the keyboard is that it's backlit. This is also one of the reasons I purchased this laptop. I tend to sit in the dark a lot and even though I am a touch typist it's still nice to see the keys.Update 8/12: I neglected to mention another petpeeve of mine about laptop keyboards. This keyboard has the half-sized arrow keys. I tend to use the arrow keys a lot and while the left and right arrows are full sized the up and down ones are only half sized. They could have prevented this by shrinking the right shift key along with the numpad 0 key but I'll have to deal with it. If you're like me and you like full arrow keys then this may bother you as well.Trackpad: Not glass. I find it to be rather grippy so my finger tends to lag across its surface. I'll definitely be using a mouse whenever I can with this laptop. At least it uses native windows drivers so you don't need any additional software for gesture support.Sound: Decent speaker system. Unfortunately they're bottom mounted. That means sound quality will depend heavily on whatever surface your laptop is on. YouTube videos sounded acceptable but music sounded a bit underwater-like. They're still decent nonetheless. I opt to use headphones most of the time anyway but your ears should hold up if you decide to rely on them.Update 8/13: I found out that disabling Acer TrueHarmony in the sound settings improves the sound and makes it less underwater-like. I'm not a huge fan of software-based sound modifiers so I'll be sure to keep this setting off. In some cases however it helps but in my daily usage of this laptop I find it's better to have it turned off.Upgrades: As I alluded to above (mostly in the RAM section) this laptop can be ugraded. Not extensively but it's there. There's an open RAM slot so you can pop in another 8 GB 2133 MHz stick and have a total of 16 GB. Will you need that much for this laptop? Also there's an empty SATA port. You can insert a 2.5" HDD or SATA SSD but be warned that it's kind of roomy in there. Your drive will pop out and slide around (effectively disconnecting it) if you move the laptop around a lot (i.e. toss it on a bed throw it around in your backpack etc.) I don't know if you'll be able to get a HDD slot to make it snug in there but mine already has come loose after barely turning over my laptop. Maybe I should tape it down. Also if you flip your laptop over and then back again you'll hear the drive hit the upgrade bay door. It seems to still be connected to the system when it does this but I'm really going to need tape or a drive bay. I'll just need to find one that fits because the last thing I want happening is for the HDD to randomly disconnect while I'm transferring data to or from it.Battery: I haven't been able to fully test this claim of "up to 12 hours." I'll agree that on full brightness you'll probably see up to 7 or 8 hours. Either way that's a full class day for me. I'll come back to this portion in the future.Update 1/1/17: I think the 12 hour claim will only hold up if you keep your processor speed capped your brightness all the way down and have every power saving feature enabled. I've had this laptop for several months now and while it can last me a class day I usually don't trust it. I usually woke up around 8:30 a.m. and powered on my laptop at 9:15 a.m. By the time of my third class at 2:15 p.m. battery is around 20% or less. I usually charge it before that class and keep in mind the thing is powered on but idle. Not sleeping usually just lid closed and not doing anything. So that's around a real-world battery life of 5-6 hours which really isn't bad. But not close to the claim of "up to 12 hours" at least for me.Noise: This is a very quiet laptop. The fan can barely be heard. After all the specs aren't very power hungry so they don't generate a lot of heat. I haven't put this under a full load yet so I haven't been able to hear the loudest fan speed yet. I'll probably come back to this section as well.Update 8/13: While running Cinebench the fan did kick up to what I believe was full speed and it was still relatively quiet. It was noticable in a quiet environment but if you're in class or in a meeting I doubt you'll be doing anything that would cause the fan to spin up to maximum RPM. But if you do it shouldn't be noticable at all.I'm enjoying this laptop for the price of $550. I don't really think you can beat this right now. I mean come on: a SSD 2133 MHz RAM a decent CPU and even a dedicated GPU and a backlit keyboard? If ANYBODY asks me for laptop recommendations this one is going to be at the top of the list regardless of budget. I have to really praise Acer for this one. This is my first laptop review so be sure to leave a comment if you want to see anything covered that I perhaps missed.Even with its flaws this laptop is getting a five-star rating from me. Only the i5 version though. As I stated above the i7 version is really not worth it. There is definitely a general consensus out there that "i7s are always better because they're top tier" but that's not always the case and this system makes a point of that. However if you have the extra $150 lying around you will likely increase the resale value of this laptop because an i7 will make people think it's the "premium" version. Knowing this I still got the i5. If the i7 version was a 25 - 30% increase in performance then sure the extra $150 would be it. Not at 10% though; it just seems like a ripoff.Updated 8/11: Because I typed this on the laptop keyboard I made some typing errors. I've fixed them and I made some other minor tweaks here and there.Updated 8/12: If any of you are familiar with Cinebench here are the scores for this particular i5 model:269 cb53.31 fps OpenGLUpdated 8/13: I feel like I'll be updating this daily as I find out more information about it.