After a quite a bit of researching I chose this laptop and am very happy with the purchase for my business and personal use.I purchased it on Friday and received it on Monday evening (I live in Hawaii) and I've put this laptop to a whole lot of scrutiny. I've come up with numerous pros than only a handful of cons.Now a summary of the specs and features for the laptop -Build – Unlike mac book pros and Dell XPSs the Acer does not have an aluminium case and lid. It is made of a black plastic but at the same time it does not feel like a cheaply build. The material is smooth and sleek where you rest your wrists and hands for typing. The lid is a sturdier piece with firm hinges. This laptop doesn’t heat!! Big factor. This laptop was geniusly designed with many vents on the bottom and sides. You will feel heat being pushed out through the left side of the laptop via the fan. Neither the keyboard nor the bottom of the laptop is hot to touch after hours of working. The fan is quite too. The laptop is on the lighter side for me. Its no ultrabook but I like it.RAM - 1x8GB DDR4 is fit in this model with an empty slot for future upgrades for a maximum of 16 GB. For work purposes I use Bluebeam Adobe and the occasional AutoCAD and Revit. 8 GB is enough. As most computer nerds know its not just about the size of the ram but the processor speed. More on that later.Storage - 256GB SSD is a huge selling point. The boot up and shut down speeds are incredibly fast. I use dropbox and usb to store my work so a 1 TB hard drive is not necessary for me. o worth it. The SSD is a M.2 SSD (Samsung MZNLN256HCHP) and the other hard disk slot is empty. You can add an additional hard drive but I will not.Processor - 6200U is a dual core 4 thread CPU. Yes it is not the quad core Hqs but for the price i’m fine with it. This allows my to have multiple apps without noticing any lag. I have played DOOM 3 BFG on this with no problems.GPU – The dedicated graphics card is GTX 940MX which is an improvement of integrated graphics cards.Screen – The screen is my only negative. The laptop is 15.6 inches and is a decent size. My previous 4 year old Dell XPS 13’s screen is brighter and more vibrant in colors than this screen.Keyboard and touchpad – The chiclet keyboard is decent and the number pad is always a plus. Typing is quite comfortable. Many people complain if there is no backlit keyboard. This laptop has one. I am not a big fan of the track pad. I find it to be a little laggy.Battery – A big reason why I purchased this laptop is due to the 6 cell battery. Battery life of actualy casual use ie using word or web surfing is around 8 hours. If I am watching a movie or playing video games then the battery life drops down to around 3.5 hours. This is excellent for me. I charge the laptop once a day during work if starting out with a full battery charge.Sound – Sound is decent. Nothing amazing nothing horrible.Ports - has 3 usb ports total. USB 3.0 USB 2.0 and USB Type C for future protection. HDMI VGA Ethernet SD card reader and DVD drive which is a must for my work. Drawings and specs from the government come in cd format.