I've used a number of laptops over the years so my experience this time is in relation to all those experiences.  I could never justify spending more than $600 I'm sure laptops above that range have been performing this well for a while but I have a desktop that I need for heavy lifting so my computer budget mainly goes there.  This was my back-to-third school present to bring me into the next age.  My use is generally moderate- I've been a mixture of scientist/student and gamer for years and I have a few different schools under my belt so I like to have a machine that can at least play something interesting between PCR runs as well as a machine that can compile my results.  I have also been dabbling in a bit of coding recently so I wanted something that could fit a broad spectrum of needs but without getting a garbage quality deal.  This is probably my favorite platform so far that I've ever used for it's mix of good processor great amount of memory a solid state drive battery life and a dedicated graphics option (from nvidia).  If you're not interested in a little gaming the integrated options from both camps should be plenty to meet your needs while saving a little money but I have to say get the SSD it's just a much better laptop experience and so much better for battery life.My battery life is actually what got me to start this review; I'm closing in on another finals week so I've been chomping through lecture and lab at a steady pace- this streamed from 10pm until 1am and I'm writing this in morning with what says 50%/3 hours of life left.  Having done this cycle for a few weeks now it's legitimate and I expect to get that.  On lower usage- maybe writing just word docs no internet I have no doubts this could hit ten hours easily.  If I'm playing a game Skyrim perhaps I'll make it a solid three full hours before needing to find my power strip.  Because of the few moving parts it's very quiet while in use and the speakers have enough punch that I can plug in my controller and kick back on the couch.The long battery life and good sized SSD would make this great fit for a student who spends hours away from their residence.  When I was an undergrad the options were to either bring a bunch of spare bulky batteries/ bring your power cord and hope for a spot next to an outlet (though I imagine this variable has been rectified since then)/ or buy a netbook that gets good battery life but makes you wait while it chugs on its low-power processor; I did all three and would have been happy to have this ten years ago.As far as gaming goes you should be considering a stable desktop option if you're wanting the most bang for your buck but if you're set on a laptop it doesn't get much better than this at this price point.  I was actually surprised by how well both Skyrim and Fallout 4 performed on this.  Skyrim plays well with a mix of mostly high settings at 1080p and FO4 at least runs above 30fps albeit at basically straight low settings.  Still good to get my fix.  Civilization 5 was just dreamy and Civ 6 actually plays quite well on here; I haven't tried pushing massive maps but at least on standard maps and below it's great.  Really if you want to play it this will run it at frames that are not subpar; I've included the few I've had time to tinker with to give you an idea.The only two minor odd things I've encountered are the webpages bugging out with what looks like barcodes but over all the text on the page and the track pad has a multigesture that sometimes takes too much gesture from a simple touch.  The first issue could be firefox though I'm running the same version on two other computers of mine and I've never encountered that before.  The second could be a setting I could adjust but it doesn't detract anything from my experience as I usually use a wireless mouse; it also could be that I'm not use to multigesture track pads because I always use a mouse so take that gripe with a grain of salt.Overall I'd buy this again and this is now my top recommendation to friends who need a little crossover laptop on a modest budget.