I'm a freelance editor working from home and I've been using this laptop for about a week. I bought it to replace my desktop while we pack up the house to move and so far I have no regrets. This solid state drive makes the system run as smoothly and quickly as my desktop and I have experienced no slow-down while working across several Word documents with multiple browser tabs open as well as Slack messaging and other miscellaneous programs - nothing graphics intensive but enough to slow down other budget-friendly laptops I have owned.I've seen comments about the keyboard elsewhere stating that it isn't of high quality that the keys are too shallow or that is isn't of high quality. I sit and type all day for a living and I can say that this is one of the most comfortable fastest laptop keyboards I have ever used. Maybe that says more about the quality of laptops I have owned in the past than about the quality of this particular laptop but I think this one is pretty great. The backlight is a nice feature but I have it turned off most of the time. The keys don't cover the light entirely so for me the lights under the top row of keys are visible. As I don't like have a row of exposed LEDs at the bottom of my line of sight I just keep the feature turned off unless I need it.The battery life has also been excellent and more or less as advertised. The 12+ hour mark is maybe a little optimistic unless you are doing nothing but light web browsing.NOTE: There are several versions of this laptop available all called the Acer Aspire E 15. Best Buy sells one in store and online that looks a lot like this version but is around $200 cheaper. Don't be fooled! The cheaper versions have lesser build quality (all plastic casing instead of mostly plastic with metal around the keyboard no keyboard backlight) and less impressive specs (half the memory larger HD but old-school SATA which is a huge battery and performance drain). Spend the extra money on this version and you will not be disappointed!