Having "fun" getting Linux Mint 18 installed with BIOS v1.70?* Are you getting errors during the installation that a "vfat SCSI(000)" partition cannot be mounted (and then the installation hangs)?* Did the installation seem to go cleanly -- but when you reboot you get a "No bootable device" error and you can't figure out how to fix this in the BIOS?* Is your Linux Mint installation hanging when you choose to install third-party drivers and choose the option to allow Linux Mint to disable Secure Boot for you?Yeah I had some "fun" getting Linux Mint 18 installed with BIOS v1.70 (which is version 1.04 of the "InsydeH20 Setup Utility" apparently).  I love Linux Mint and I bought this laptop for use as a Linux-only laptop (i.e. obliterate the Windows 10 that comes with the laptop and install Linux Mint 18 from scratch).The notes below may help you if you get stymied during the install process.  Note: the suggestions below are ONLY if you intend to WIPE your hard drive and use Linux Mint 18 solely.  This is NOT for "dual boot" installations.  Do NOT follow this advice if you want to keep your Windows 10 installation.Before you install Linux Mint I recommend that you first update your BIOS.  And since Acer's BIOS updater only works with Windows you must first boot your laptop to Windows visit the Acer website download the BIOS update and apply it.  All before installing Linux Mint.Then before you install Linux Mint boot to your BIOS (press the F2 key right after booting the laptop):1. in the "Security" tab you must first set a "supervisor password" (WRITE THIS DOWN SOMEWHERE so you don't forget it);2. then in the "Boot" tab set Secure Boot to DISABLED.3. then set the boot order so that your USB thumbdrive (or DVD drive if you are using a DVD) is listed before your hard drives4. Press the F10 key to save your changes & exitNo problem right?  Now you can install Linux Mint 18 normally.AFTER the Linux Mint installation completes you have to reboot and go back into the BIOS:1. in the "Boot" tab temporarily ENABLE Secure Boot (so that other options become enabled)2. in the "Security" tab choose the "Select an UEFI file as trusted for executing" option and choose "HDD1" then "EFI" then "ubuntu" then "grubx64.efi"3. then go back to the "Boot" tab and DISABLE Secure Boot once again.4. Press the F10 key to save your changes & exitThere are probably better ways to do this.  But it seems like the BIOS should have been able to handle this more .. uhh ... intuitively.  But maybe I'm just missing something blindingly obvious.  ;-)Note: during the installation process I received unrecoverable file system errors."The attempt to mount a file system with type vfat in SCSI (000) ...blah blah blah.... failed. You may resume partitioning from the partitioning menu."This error locked up the install process forcing me to reboot each time.  I got around these errors by quitting the Linux Mint installer rebooting into the Linux Mint live USB and then using the GParted application to remove any/all partitions on /dev/sda.  (You'll find the GParted application in the Menu of the Live USB distribution.)  Once the entire /dev/sda device was unallocated I started the Linux Mint installer again and let the installer create my partitions automatically.  Worked like a charm.  Truth be told I might have caused these errors by choosing the "Do Something Else" option in the partition dialog in the installer (instead of letting the Linux Mint installer do that automatically).  If so my bad.The above "fun" notwithstanding Linux Mint 18 is GREAT on this laptop.  The performance for office/productivity apps is snappy.  No severe driver issues (see below).  I have dual monitors set up -- one on the HDMI port the other on the VGA port.  No screen tearing or other problems.  And with an SSD loading applications is nearly instant.  This isn't a gaming laptop so I haven't tried any brutal graphics on it.The only driver issue so far came about when I poked my nose into the "Driver Manager" and selected the nvidia-361 driver.  The nvidia-361 driver worked perfectly -- up until I connected an external monitor to the HDMI port.  Then the machine locked up until I disconnected the external monitor.  So for now I'm sticking with the xserver-xorg-video-nouveau driver which allows me to use the monitors on my HDMI and VGA ports.  Note: the Linux Mint installer will automatically choose the xserver-xorg-video-nouveau driver so you won't run into this problem unless you poke your nose in the Driver Manager tab and start making changes (like I did).Oh and the WiFi adapter works for me (though admittedly I only use a wired connection with the laptop).If this helped anyone then great.Live Love Linux  ;-)