I've been a Chromebook user and fan of the Samsung Chromebook and the Chrome OS for about four years but sadly had to replace my old Samsung Chromebook when it was stolen. Fortunately a friend was visiting the States and I was able to order my new 4gb Samsung Chromebook 3 which he was able to bring back with him. We've had it several days now and are delighted: delivery was amazingly quick we received everything as it should be and our new laptop hit the ground running. It's just like we've gotten our beloved old Chromebook back only better: a better deal and a better Chromebook. Christmas came early for us this year after a visit from the Grinch.The screen on our new Chromebook is sharper and has better color for my money. The build feels good and stout and everything's "tight." It has the feel of a quality product. I was quite fond of the silver color on the old Samsung but this black is growing on us. Word processing is what I do and the keyboard works for me as does the track pad. I function just fine thank you without a mouse. And while this new unit sees even slimmer and perhaps more petite overall the keyboard is a pleasure to use. We're glad we went with the 4gb model and find the performance snappy compared to the old unit.I continue to hear people ask "What can you do with a Chromebook?" My thought is more "What can't you do with a Chromebook?" The only time I truly need to reach for a pc laptop is to edit photos and that's only because of the software I use. And I think better online photo editing tools are coming if they haven't arrived already. Yes I have limited on-board storage and pretty much have to have a wifi connection for full functionality but it works for us: word processing internet searches e-mail streaming to our television watching Thai and Vietnamese cooking videos on youtube maintaining our contacts and calendarsupdating  to-do lists (Google Keep) trying to learn Spanish (Duolingo) ordering online and doing online banking. There's much more of course but the point is that we don't feel deprived because "it's only a Chromebook." What we do feel is delighted that we got it for around $200 and there will no doubt be better deals before all is said and done.I was quite happy with my old Samsung Chromebook and am completely pleased with the new Samsung Chromebook 3. They're a breeze to set up fire up in a flash and efficiently go about their business--and they're affordable. Better yet I never have to buy software and don't worry about security since that's constantly updated. And it's so light and petite I never leave home without it. All I want to do now is to find a decent and affordable travel speaker--then I can load up a micro sd card with music and hit the road. Even if there's no wi-fi I'll still have tunes and know that wherever I am when I do get wi-fi I'll have a solid little bundle of efficient and affordable technology to take care of 99% of what needs doing.