THIS WAS MY VERY FIRST MAC ... I have been a PC user all my life and had wanted to try converting to a Mac for years.  I've only had this Apple Macbook Pro for a week but let me tell you that on day one I fell in love with it.  Yes it does have a different feel from the PCs I have had (HP Toshiba Acer) but it was a good difference from the first time I put my fingers to the keyboard and began typing.  The screen display is absolutely amazing and totally blows me away.  I absolutely love the programs that come with it; how the Mac itself functions the appearance and quality of the Mac.  Everything about it is pure joy and I am 100% delighted with my purchase.  As far as the Mac vs. PC debate - by day two I was sold out to Macs.  While I had been use to a 17-inch screen display the 13.3-inch screen display of this Mac took zero time to get use to ... plenty big enough for work and play purposes (and did I mention the dynamic awesome graphic display???).The laptop is still new to me and I'm still discovering things about it daily so give me a little more time with it and I'll come back to update this review pros as well as any cons I discover.  At the present the only cons are:1.) having to use the arrow keys to move up and down pages as the slide on the right side bar (to hold the curser over and move up and down) doesn't stay up when I move the curser to it - but that may be something I am doing wrong as I'm still learning the intimacies of the Mac. (Case in point ... a day after writing this I discovered that moving two fingers together up or down on the touch pad will move the page up / down quite nicely.  lol.) 2.) battery life thus far isn't nearly as long as I thought it would be based upon video reviews of this model and item description.  Working on documents etc. battery life is great.  However playing the two games I enjoy on Facebook (Criminal Case and CSI) with some surfing the web in between will drain the fully-charged battery down to 20% in just 2 hours.  Playing the games some with more time spent surfing the web etc. drains the battery from fully charged to 43% in 3 hours.  Will battery life stretch with use?  I don't know.  Would battery life be extended if the games were on the laptop itself instead of online at a web site?  I'm not sure but think perhaps ...Let me add the vender DataVision Computer Video gives exceptional service.  After placing my order for the MacBook Air and discovering that I would be unable to upgrade the RAM I sent in a cancellation request that was handled by 'Mike S.'  Mike politely cancelled my order no problem and when I placed an order for this Macbook Pro the very next day he handled it personally and got it in the mail the same day even though I didn't request it or pay extra for speedy delivery.  When the Mac arrived it was VERY adequately and securely packaged; I was very pleased. NOTE: hubby and I don't have a a lot of extra money to indulge in extras after bills and living expenses so a purchase like this is something really big for us and we try and chose wisely.  Not only am I more delighted with the MacBook Pro than I hoped to be but hubby is so impressed with it that HE wants to convert from his PC to a Mac as soon as we can swing it.JANUARY 21 2016 UPDATE:  I love this laptop even more than before.  Feel totally comfortable with it and will never go back to a PC.JUNE 19 2016 UPDATE: the love story continues.  This MacBook is such a blessing and I would feel somewhat lost without it.  If you're considering getting this MacBook proceed with confidence.  It has been super easy to become familiar with it; the more I use it the more I appreciate it!PERSONAL MESSAGEI paid full price for Macbook Pro; I DID NOT get it at a discounted price in exchange for an evaluation.  So why did I take the time to write a detailed review?  Because I am like you … I depend upon the comments and experiences of other consumers when making an Amazon purchasing decision - especially an important one such as this.Even when I do provide a review in exchange for a free or discounted product I don’t feel obliged to write a positive one just an honest and fair one.  Also when reviewing products upon request I do not always rate a product 5 stars or even 4 stars. If in doubt as to my credibility as an unbiased reviewer (whether I pay full price for a product or not) please visit my public profile page and read the personal message in my bio.  Thank you.