BLUF: Excellent laptop in every regard. Keyboard and Force trackpad are simply unmatched. OS X is delightful yet it is powerful enough to run Windows 10 and Linux virtual machines if you must.I am a highly experienced IT with in-depth knowledge of Windows and Linux. I still dislike Apple policies and processes and refused to pay more for the same (Apple maintains a strict 30%+ profit margin). The last and only Apple device I owned before this MBP was an original iPod because there were simply no better alternatives.That being said I love this MacBook Pro.Due to an upcoming long-term business trip I decided to get a new laptop computer in the 13-14" form factor. I had been eyeing the Dell XPS 13 and the Razer Blade Stealth. Dell and Razer have excellent laptops in many ways superior to this dated MBP design but also suffer from quality control problems and lackluster keyboards and trackpads. After careful consideration and with full knowledge that a new MBP is expected in a couple of months I decided to buy this laptop.Again I love it.I just couldn't find a better alternative when it comes to quality. This thing feels solid throughout. Typing is a breeze. With every laptop I owned I had been forced to rely on an external mouse when trackpad after trackpad failed to deliver an intuitive and reliable experience. That is not the case here. The Force Trackpad is marvelous.After the easiest setup process ever I have migrated all my important data set up my wireless devices set up automatic backups and smart card compatibility. Let me tell you the praise for OS X is not overstated. It is so simple. The more I learn about it the more I realize it just works! The transition from Windows to OS X was no big deal.I have been using Windows 10 for over a year. Before that I pushed through 8 and 8.1 and really missed 7. 10 is the best Windows out there. Microsoft really stepped it up and delivered. However there are still bugs blue screens of sadness and all that jazz. There are still incompatible drivers broken applications and malware. You know the things I have yet to experience on my short time driving OS X hard.With the use of Parallels I created the Windows 10 and Linux (Kali) virtual machines I use for work. The integration between OS X and Windows Parallels is amazing. I have tons of experience with virtualization: VMWare Citrix Microsoft and Oracle flavors. They all have their strengths but for productivity between Windows and OS X nothing matches Parallels VMs in Coherence Mode. If you must use other OS as well this is the way to go.Keep in mind the MacBook Pro line is due for a significant refresh. Apple is expected to release more details shortly and there are rumors that the new devices will be up for sale between FY16 Q3 and FY17 Q1. Not only is a refreshed design and a slimmer form factor expected but also newer faster and more efficient processors upgraded memory replacement of F-Keys with an OLED display and almighty Thunderbolt 3. If you can wait you definitely should. If you can't you can take a chance with the other manufacturers or go for the solid and proven MBP line. I bet you won't be disappointed.