After a bit of internal debate between this and the Macbook Air I decided to get the Retina Macbook Pro.  What a great decision this was.  I come from using the original late 2008 aluminum Macbook.Dimensions/Weight:This Macbook Pro is much thinner and a couple centimeters shorter than my old Macbook.  With how slim this thing is I really don't see a need for the Macbook Air line.  It is pretty light if you are coming from any other laptop except a Macbook Air.Display:The display is fantastic on this laptop.  Very sharp screen and good viewing angles.  Something about OS X running with a high resolution display just looks classy in a way that a Windows computer could never match.Battery life:  I haven't had the laptop for too long but easily get 8 hours or more on a charge.  No complaints here.Keyboard and Trackpad:The keyboard is ok.  It is not my favorite in fact my late 2008 aluminum Macbook has a better keyboard.  Just the way the keys feel when they press in they are a bit softer on this model compared to my old one and I prefer a bit harder feel when typing.  It's all a personal preference.  Other than that the key sizes are good and the backlighting works just fine.The trackpad has gotten better with this new model.  The click is now provided by a haptic engine and provides more functionality.  The thing is fantastic.  The trackpad still does move a tiny bit but it isn't a big movement like the older type.  This is easily the best trackpad I have ever used.Speed:This computer is blazing fast.  Apps open instantly and the AC wifi performance is very nice.OS:With OS X Yosemite the OS is very refined and elegant.  You can even run time machine backups while the computer is sleeping now.  I'm not sure when this feature was introduced but it is very welcome.  The OS is easy to use the app store lacks many apps that I use so I have to go directly to the developers site to download them.  I have not messed with the continuity feature much but it is nice having the favorites and open tabs sync from my laptop to my iPhone.Overall:In my opinion having used a Surface Pro 3 older MacBooks and many other computers over the years this is the closest to perfect I have ever seen a computer get.  If I were to improve anything it would be to switch to the 2008 macbook style keyboard with the "harder" feel to the keypress and I would also add a third USB port.  The current model only has two which can be problematic if you hook up an external hard drive and an external bluray drive (which requires two ports) at the same time.  You need a USB hub to help you in that situation.