I recently purchased this MacBook Pro to replace a 2011 year model and oh wow what a difference! The screen is certainly the best reason to upgrade in case you are contemplating on doing this. With my old Macbook Pro I had to have the screen at a particular angle to see the picture properly or to see colors properly. Not so with this model. No matter how you have your screen angled you will see the picture accurately and it looks awesome.I am a web designer and programmer by profession and it's very important to me to have a really good screen. The 15 inch size is wonderful and large enough to do my job right. Any smaller and I would feel cramped probably. I do my main work on my 27" iMac when it comes to doing graphic design work or development but just for doing maintenance and upgrades on websites using Wordpress for example I enjoy sitting on my couch with this laptop instead of at my desk.The trackpad is simply awesome as well. Yesterday I had to fix something on my neighbor's laptop a Dell and I got so frustrated because I'm so used to the Macbook's trackpad. On this PC laptop you couldn't click anywhere on the trackpad only on the very bottom. Nor could I scroll up and down easily with that thing. With the Macbook trackpad you can use multiple finger gestures for example just use two fingers simultaneously to scroll up or down. That is so much more intuitive than that PC's trackpad. For that reason alone I would switch from PC to a Mac. Not even mentioning working with Windows 10 versus OS El Capitan. Who are these Windows developers anyway that can't make anything straight forward?Now I was very pleased that my new laptop already came with 16GB RAM. Most laptops still come with only 8GB of RAM. I have 32GB on my iMac but I can't say it's any faster than my new MacBook Pro.I have no negative comments on my Macbook Pro. Maybe it would have been nice to have a touch screen as well but I'm okay without that because I own the iPad Pro 12.9" as well. You may wonder why I also got the MacBook Pro if I already own the big iPad. The answer is: there are still many things that I do especially with my work that are done easier on a real computer but not necessarily by having to sit in my office.BTW if you are comparing or debating between a Windows touch screen laptop with a Macbook Pro without a touch screen. I will still recommend the Macbook Pro hands down!!! If quality and ease of use is important to you there is no other choice.I use the iMac for creating and developing. I use my Macbook for personal things and for simple updates and maintenance on websites. I use my iPad Pro for entertainment playing games browsing amazon traveling and much more. I love having exactly the right type of device when and where I need it.I know this Macbook Pro doesn't come cheap. But think of it as making a good investment. Macbook laptops last longer hold better resale value are of extremely good quality and will never let you down. Using the OS operating system is a breeze.A quick story to end my review. A month ago a friend of mine who owned a Lenovo laptop asked me to erase data from her laptop. I thought no big deal because how hard can it be? Well it took me all day just about. Of course not being used to Windows 10 didn't help but in order to perform certain actions I had to go all over the place on the computer to do them and often the screen would freeze on me (something that never happens on my iMac or Macbook). Nothing was straight forward. I kept having to ask Google how to do the simplest of tasks and the answers were always complicated. You'd think the control panel could handle all my requests but no the Windows control panel is nothing like Settings or Preferences on an Apple device. About the quality of that Lenovo laptop itself. The screen wasn't half bad I admit but the keyboard was AWFUL!!!!!! Each time I pressed on a key the entire keyboard moved down with it... it had a very plasticky and cheap feel.Get a Macbook Pro if you're in the market for a laptop. Even if you're coming from a Windows device. The transition isn't all that bad. If you own an older model of the Macbook Pro I highly recommend upgrading because the screen will blow you away and the speed of this laptop is unsurpassed.Tip: it's a really good idea to get a case for this beautiful laptop. I did and it's fantastic. It's the Thule Vectros 15" MacBook Pro Retina Bumper (3203225) for $59 but it's well worth the price to protect your investment. It was very easy to put on and it looks really cool!So what are you waiting for? Take it from a professional. Just get this Macbook Pro!