I've used computers with Microsoft operating systems since DOS 2.1 and have owned nearly 2 dozen Windows computers starting with version 3.1  and including 3 computers currently running Windows 10. While Microsoft has greatly improved their operating systems in terms of stability and ease of use operating systems in general (including the Mac OS in my opinion) have become bloated. With increasingly larger and more complex operating systems came programs that have also greatly increased in size and complexity. This requires larger amounts of RAM and HD space and places great demands on processors.The result is that many modern computers even ones with relatively fast quad core processors can be lethargic. For most of the ways that the average person uses their computer this should not be.  Most processors memory and hard drives are plenty fast enough but the huge operating systems get in the way. I learned today that Windows 10 has 40 million lines of computer code and Mac OS X has about 85 million lines. It's no wonder the average user experiences frustrations with these systems.This hit me one morning as I was trying to do something on one of my W10 notebooks. There were several programs open and  while what I was wanting to do was not particularly demanding the program was slow in loading and executing the task. You never know why programs become slow but it could have been a virus scan security update or just poor memory management from Windows which requires a reboot to correct.At that point I thought there had to be a capable but simpler alternative and I wondered if a Chromebook could be it. That set in motion a couple of weeks of reading user experiences and watching unboxing and review videos. After about a week of research I was ready to spend some money and give Chromebooks a try. Then the question became which one to buy?I looked closely at every major Chromebook on the market in the 13 - 15.6 inch size. Toshiba had a 13.3" model that was widely praised but there were a surprising number of stories of quick screen failures and customers being told by Toshiba that some alleged misuse voided their warranties.This meant that some who had owned the Toshiba Chromebook for 3 months or less had unusable computers from a company that looked to be avoiding responsibility for faulty screens.  So no Toshiba.I then considered an HP 15 even though it was bigger and heavier than I wanted. The dealbreaker was when I realized that the HP's keyboard was actually a little smaller than the ones on 13.3 models due to large top facing speakers on either side of the keyboard  I was a little concerned about going to a 13.3" computer after years of using notebooks with 15.6" screens but I liked the idea of something light and travel-friendly. When I discovered that the HP had a little smaller keyboard than the 13" models I scratched them off my list.Eventually I settled on the Asus. It had solid but unspectacular reviews and reports of excellent customer service. I spent a few extra bucks for the 4 GB model because the RAM on these systems is not upgradable and I did not want to have buyers remorse if I found out that the 2 GB model was straining to keep up with the way I use my computers.At home I have used this computer almost exclusively for 2 weeks. Only once did I start one of my Windows 10 machines and after seeing the Chromebook boot up almost instantaneously the Windows startup was painfully slow inefficient and frustrating. For every major way I use my computers--preparing lessons for my classes managing websites and working with social media--the Chromebook is superior.At school I have a Windows 7 desktop and notebook that I use extensively throughout the day. So many times I've thought about how much easier and more enjoyable the Chromebook operating system is to use.It's not a perfect platform. Simple photo editing is easy to do on the Chromebook but it does not have anywhere near the options available on the usual photo editing packages. In 2 weeks I had one occasion where I wanted to do a more complex edit and I thought about opening the Windows machine to accomplish it. I decided that the cost > benefit (this is what you get when an economics teacher writes reviews) so I didn't bother with it.For documents my school provides us with full access to Office 365 and the online versions of Word and Excel are more than sufficient for my needs. The menus are simpler and for most users that is a plus. (I really hate the Office Ribbon interface.)One day this week I was using more than a dozen tabs in Chrome plus I had probably 20 PDF documents open. I had been viewing a series of PDF documents and  I had not realized that I did not close each one after viewing them. It was the kind of mistake that would have caused a long painful freeze-up of any of my Windows computers but the Chromebook showed only the slightest hesitation in moving from screen to screen.  Once I closed some of the PDFs the system went back to Warp speed.My concern about moving from a 15.6 inch screen to the Asus 13.3 was unfounded. The Asus screen is bright and comfortable to read.In short I consider the Asus Chromebook to be among the best of my many many computer/technology buys of the last 30 years. In my very busy life I very rarely take time to write product reviews but I love this computer and I wanted to share this 30+ year computer users experience.If you are on the fence about jumping to Chromebook I'd recommend taking the leap.This Chromebook is free of the usual Windows frustrations and  delays.I'm so happy with this computer and the nimble OS that I'm thinking of buying another for school use.