UPDATE (December 14 2016): After using this laptop extremely heavily for over a year now it has help up beautifully. No scuffs scratches or breakage. No loose keys and no play in the keyboard touchpad or anywhere else. The screen is still working perfectly and the touchpad is still without hiccups. As for performance I have run several different OSes on this Chromebook and the 4GB of RAM is currently running Gallium OS without a hitch. Everything I do is snappy and quick. This ASUS C300 is hands down without a shred of doubt the most fun and reliable laptop i have owned. I highly recommend it to anyone who is looking for something affordable capable and good-looking enough (let's face it the matte black on black is quite sexy) to still garner compliments over a year after buying it.---------------------------------Disclaimer: This is not my first Chromebook i purchased this one to upgrade from my Samsung Series 3.- AESTHETICS: The ASUS C300 is easy on the eyes. I purchased the all-black version and was impressed from the second i opened it. The matte black brushed finish is gorgeous and gives off the appearance that it costs more than it actually does. Anyone unfamiliar with Chromebooks would not believe that I only paid 250$ shipped for this machine. The matte finish is even extended to the screen which is anti-glare and does a very good job of it making outdoor browsing a breeze. Lastly the keyboard consists of chiclet keys that are set directly into the brushed matte-black base. It looks as if the keys are simply floating. I love it.The only aesthetic negative is that it is very fingerprint prone. Be prepared for fingerprint smudges. This doesn't bother me too much but i can see ho wit can bother some people.- FUNCTION: I've only had it for 24 hours but i've been using it non-stop. I also haven't charged it yet...according to the battery icon I still have 10 hours and 50 minutes of battery left. Sweet jesus. Definitely beats my Samsung Series 3's average of 6-7 hours.Everything is fast snappy and smooth so far. The  app/program loading and page loading is many times faster than my former Series 3. This thing is very quick. I currently have 9 tabs open at the moment and am experiencing no lag whatsoever. The Intel processor is a HUGE upgrade over the ARM.The multi-touch pad works perfectly. Each click feels solid. No play on my end whatsoever.- DURABILITY: Solid. It doesn't feel cheap or flimsy and feels nice in my hands. As i said earlier it looks and feels more expensive than it actually is.- RELIABILITY: I can't answer for this one yet as i've only had it for a day. I will be sure to update after a few months.OVERALL - HIGHLY recommended.