This is great! It's my first laptop so take my review with a grain of salt if you're trying to decide yea or nay.I'm a microsoft windows girl born and raised but I'm familiar with Apple products and this is a wonderfully refreshing experience.First I noticed reviews pointing out the lack of a caps lock so I made peace with that before this arrived for my birthday. Turns out you can go into the settings and change the search button into caps lock and other functions. I may not have looked hard enough through the reviews to see if anyone else mentioned that but I just want to say that.It does bother me that I can't figure out "page up/down" and certain other functions. But that's just a google away when I get fed up enough lol. Otherwise the keyboard is great and comfy.Second the combination of basic 15GB from google drive and the 16GB of the computer makes for a decent amount of space. But adding a 32GB sd card really really helped so that's a pretty good investment.It's so fast! Maybe it's just because I've been using a desktop I've had since 2008? But I love how fast things load.Third I chose a chromebook because I'm kinda tired of dealing with the windows OS (I didn't like Win8 and my husband has 10 on his laptop but I'm not sure how I feel about it yet) and I really dislike Apple. I was hoping that there'd be less unnecessary programs pre-installed and I was so right. Plus any that I didn't want after the fact were easily removed.I wish there were more options in customizing the theme of my background and computer colors but it's such a minor thing.And I wish stuff were able to open on their own without having to add to my browser tabs like google play and stuff. But it's also somewhat minor. The 4gb ram makes it easy to handle all this stuff running while I multitask. And it charges so quick! Plus once I turn down the brightness from "Jesus is returning" levels it lasts even longer. I can work all day from 10am to 10pm and still have 40% battery left.Fourth for my fellow artists who stumbled upon an affordable powerful little laptop. It has trouble with graphic tablets!You have to run ubuntu Linux to get them to work and wacom bamboo are the only ones I've heard cooperate. Make sure you research chromebook compatibility with different tablets. Although installing the art programs are an entirely different issue. I use Paint tool Sai which is strictly windows apparently. Haven't heard much about Adobe or Autodesk products but Gimp may work with Linux.Although if you just want to do photo touchups the Pixlr app is great. I used it on my phone first and made sure to find it for my laptop in the web store.I am having trouble getting my logitech wireless mouse to work but I have a simple plug and play wire mouse that cooperates so that's good.All in all for my first laptop I think this is really amazing and affordable birthday gift and I hope it lasts me a long time.Hope my review was helpful and made sense!