After looking at many Chromebooks with various processors memory size etc. I settled on the C300. I expected a bit of a "toy" but this has turned out to not be the case. The device is quick and responsive. The screen is matte finish which gives it a bit of a "flat" look; colors don't "pop" like they do on an IPS screeen but are very readable and clear. I used it a bit to look at movies and on a flight it would be acceptable.The machine boots very fast; I don't think I've made it to "10" when counting before the screen is up (from a cold start). When opening the screen it is instant on and connects to WiFi very quickly.The keyboard is a bit different from what one is used to on a standard laptop and takes a bit of getting used to. A "getting to know the machine" video on first use would be a great help. I had to Google how to "right click" (its two fingers on the pad). There are a few other things; Google "Chromebook keyboard" to get the details. The keyboard is functional but I don't know that anyone would set any records touch typing. A backlit keyboard would be VERY WELCOME (this is not). Also the labeling on the keys is done with silkscreen (or some other process; the characters look like the decals one would find in a plastic model kit from their youth). Double injection molded keys would last a lifetime as well as look 100% better and not very expensive (I design these things for a living so I know).The finish is supposed to look like anodized aluminum (which it does somewhat) but something I hadn't expected; it picks up fingerprints and smudges like crazy! Because of the slightly textured surface these are almost impossible to "wipe clean".I got the device about a week ago and after a full charge I haven't charged it again; this has been five (5) days. Use has been investigating using the device as well as checking email and a few cursory things nothing to tax the device particularly hard. All in all a nice little machine.UPDATE EDIT: I purchased this device on June 16th. As mentioned I charged it overnight and haven't charged it again until now it is June 27th. I have used the device every day on and off throughout the day checking email reading news stories looking for interesting apps on the app store (many many apps to choose from). I took it to Sears with me while waiting for my car to be serviced connected through a dedicated hotspot (an Ellipsis Jetpack via my Verizon account). For all of these uses the device has been outstanding. At one point my dogs (two puppies 5 months old) jumped on me while I was holding the device; I dropped it against a table and the back cover was scratched deeply (bummer for a new unit) but the device itself was unharmed. I am upping my star rating to 5 stars; this isn't a "laptop" but for everyday use and then some (I have installed both MS Word and Excel and they both look great) this is a very capable device. If you are looking for something small lightweight and relatively fast this is a great choice.