I bought one several months ago used in good condition.Arrived ahead of time in better condition than expected no moving parts no fan no heat does not cook my lap like my work Dell does 4G of memory is 1/2 what my Windoze machine has so it is plenty for what it does; about 1/2 the processing  power too but here is the thing - no bloat-ware no daily updates no security updates no viruses so no anti-virus no delays starting up no delays shutting down and a decent camera with a time delay shutter not fabulous but decent for Facebook and such.  Not quite the same as Windows so it takes a little getting used to like no Function keys marked F1 to F12 and no delete key no noise no heat. It has been a learning curve however I was familiar with Google Apps. My wife is not technical so I thought if she can learn to use it after using a Microsoft Laptop for years (very slow always booting always rebooting always updating always virus checking etc. etc..... I bought her one. She took to it like a duck to water. We both have Apple iPads too. Similar battery life to an iPad. Light on one's lap and light to carry around. Apple works better in complete darkness because it does not have a backlit keyboard so I bought a USB flexible light at MicroCentre for about $4.  All in all very happy. It has a full size keyboard bigger than my work Dell so my fingers have to be a little wider apart when typing.  Keyboard is a little chiclet-ty but has positive feedback and is quite serviceable. I use it daily and frankly it outperforms my $1600 Dell/windows machine in almost every aspect. Of course it cannot do certain Windows proprietary functions like run Windows Apps and Windows corporate VPN programs that rely upon Windows Active Directory and Windows scripting because it is not Windows and does not run Windows and consequently also does not suffer from all the weaknesses that Windows has.  I find it a daily pleasure to use. at startup about 5 seconds to get to the login screen and about 5 seconds to shut down. Can also dim the screen till it blanks meaning you can stream video shows and listen without wasting power. Perfect fitness for purpose in my case. The only reason I still use Windows is that corporations are locked into Windows.