This is a longer review.  If you're in a skimming mood scroll to the bottom and read my second complaint first.  It's critical you do.  It took this five star unit down to three stars.  If you're willing to do what I did you can add a star or two back on my review.-- BACKGROUND --I was EXCLUSIVELY a Mac guy from 1986-2015.  (How's that for stubborn?)My wifey needed a 15 inch PC laptop for specific Windows software.  The only Mac 15inch is two grand and I just couldn't let Apple be that greedy.  So I tried a previous version of this ZenBook (UX305FA).  Loved the hardware but 8.1 was SO TERRIBLE I returned it to Amazon on the grounds of unacceptable OS.  I'm not a Mac snob.  It was simply terrible.When Windows 10 came out I had hope.  Got a K Series Asus Vivobook to try again.  The Vivos don't compare in quality to these ZenBooks but it was a 15 inch something like the Mac (i7 256ssd) for only $799.  Turns out Windows 10 was stable easy on the eyes relatively intuitive.  YES there's a pack of privacy settings one must flip to feel less invaded and you'll need a geek to turn Cortana off if you're not cozy with her.  Google 'turn off Cortana Windows Anniversary How to Geek' if interested.As a Mac user I was weary of viruses and malware.  Not one of either in a year on two PC laptops.But the overall success turned this Mac guy into a fan of Windows 10.  The result was that I treated myself to that ZenBook again.  It's not as good as macOS Sierra but it's better than iOS.  I'll never let my iMac go but these Asus PCs have been very reliable.So over a year has passed and I wanted to switch my wife from the big clunky Vivobook to a ZenBook like mine.-- REVIEW --But THIS ZenBook is a serious upgrade from the very well received UX305FA.  (Google and you'll see it's on various best of lists.)This ZenBook UX360CA has the same beautiful dark plum metallic body of its predecessor but now offers a glass screen instead of a matte display.  As fond as I am of my matte it does wash things out.  Causing eye strain.  And matte seems fragile around things like pens and pencils.  People complain that glass is a fingerprint magnet but glass is easy to clean compared to matte.  Rub a dub and you're done.A big change is that a touchscreen is now included.  It's not a feature that will be used a lot but HEY it was added without increasing the price.  So too is the flippity flip nonsense -- a feature that I think exists solely to make Apple look silly for not offering it.I will tell you it feels really ILL-ADVISED to turn this thing into an 'iPad' -- because your keyboard keys are now leaning against everything unless you're holding it just the exact right awkward tricky magical way.  In other words -- HORRIFIC ergonomics.  Tent mode might get used here and there but really this entire world is gimmicky.  (I found the best use for touch is if you want to adjust something on someone's PC -- because you don't have to tell them to get out of their seat.)The screen is absolutely beautiful.  That yummy Mac feeling.  Yes -- it's only 1080p -- but that's more than enough resolution (and color!) for an affordable unit like this.  The same can be said for the Core M and SSD.  VERY fast for surfing email and LibreOffice stuff.  If you're a filmmaker or gamer you should be looking at the ZenBook 3s and not pissing and moaning over here.This unit is great for most 'normal' people who want a fast SILENT laptop with good battery life.COMPLAINTS1.  I must have contacted Asus 5 times about how critical it is to have their F-keys enter his century.  That is:  these F-keys along the top still require you hit the function key below PLUS the F-keys above to raise or lower VOLUME or BRIGHTNESS.  SO INCREDIBLY ANNOYING.  Macs and many PCs do it the easier way.  Why so stubborn Asus?!?What took me a few days to notice is that they sort of fixed one of these issues.  There's now a volume rocker on the left side of the keyboard.  Just like a smartphone.  The bad news is that when you push down on the lower half of the button... wait for it... the volume goes up.  Just like when you push on the top half of the button the volume goes... down.(This is me rolling my eyes and throwing my hands up.)2.  I've docked this unit TWO STARS (from five) because Asus is shipping these units with a corrupted image.  I know this because I had to go through two of them.  If you're like 'What's a corrupted image?' keep reading and only mildly panic.A corrupted image means that when Asus installed Windows 10 on these computers -- they never bothered to check if Windows 10 was installed properly.  Skipping that time consuming step costs less for them and apparently they pass the savings onto us.  The problem is that if you're not so PC or tech savvy -- you're being shipped a mildly broken unit.  And you might not ever realize it until things really break.Don't panic.  Yet.  Google "How to Repair Corrupted Windows System Files with the SFC and DISM Commands HOW TO GEEK".  That website breaks how to do what I'm about to tell you.STEP ONE  Before you update your Zenbook or really do much of anything -- run an SFC.  (As explained in that article.)  It's really easy to do if you have half a computing clue.  If you don't it's a breeze and very familiar to any PC geek friend.  Since this laptop is Core M it will take about 7 minutes to complete.  When it's done it might tell you system integrity is okay.  If that happens run it again and make sure you get the same result.  If it's the same you're done and your system isn't corrupted.  However if it comes back with 'corrupted files' and mention of 'CBS.log' you have corruption.  (This happened on two of these units in a row.  Yes I returned one and got it again on the second unit -- which is how I know this isn't a fluke.)  And so --STEP TWO -- you now need to run a DISM.  (Again this is explained in that HOW TO GEEK article.)  This will attempt to fix those corrupted files.  On my first unit DISM gave me an error message indicating it couldn't even try.  If that happens to you RETURN your laptop to Amazon.  If it doesn't give you an error message upon completion it might indicate all is okay.  DON'T trust that message until --STEP THREE -- you've run yet another SFC.  If the SFC is no longer talking corruption you're done.  If it isn't --STEP FOUR -- you have to ask your PC to install Windows all over again.  I know right?  But since you haven't installed jack on this PC yet it's a no sweat scenario.  That HOW TO GEEK article explains what a system reset is and you want the one that utterly wipes everything.  That is:  it doesn't keep your personal files.  A fresh start.  Allow under an hour for this process providing you have solid bandwidth.  If this process fails to happen send unit back to Amazon.  If this process works --STEP FIVE -- you're going to run an SFC yet again.  For me that SFC worked and reported all is well.  I was so paranoid at this point I ran it even again even -- lol -- but the Zenbook was very happy this time.  Computer FIXED.  If yours insists on corruption send it back.There's even one more IT headache but I'll share this as a separate issue in a moment.  Let's take a break and talk about sound.3.  I forget to mention the sound has been tepid on these products.  I think it's gotten better but what I recommend is a small bluetooth speaker from Anker that's typically like $20.  If you put this laptop in a bag stick that in there too -- it's the size of a ping pong ball.4.  Okay.  The final IT headache is that if you're all set with corruption the resulting installation isn't current.  It's a buggier version of Windows 10.  So if you ask this unit to update it will... but only to a point.  Not up to the Windows Anniversary edition.  There's a method to download that version at the Microsoft site.  I tried it and it seems to work fine.  And yes... if you've been paying attention and are intuitive... you're damn right I did YET another SFC.  And all is well.  One tangent bit of advice is the very moment you get an SFC happy install -- create a restore point.  That's super easy even if you're clueless.  In the search field look for 'create a restore point' and do it.