I wanted to get a new laptop with a super-long battery life that’s also easy on my eyes and I’d heard that a good IPS screen can help reduce eye-strain. I’ve used it every day for a few weeks now and I’m completely happy with it. Here are my pros and cons:Pros:• Looks: very thin but sturdy aluminum body just under 3 lbs. I was surprised to see that it came with a case – a nicely designed envelope-style sleeve with a flap rather than a zip (photo below). The power pack is also nice and small.• The screen is beautiful. I do find it less strain to look at this high-res IPS screen compared to my older laptop. I switched to eye-care mode and love this setting – it manages to be vibrant and easy on the eyes at the same time!• Battery life is as advertised: 10 hours of moderate web browsing and document editing. Laptopmedia have tested the battery and said that it has very high endurance (better than the UX305) so I’m hoping it’ll maintain decent life for 5 years (my old Asus battery had good longevity too).• It starts up fast and so far the processor has no trouble handling everything I’ve run.  I love that it’s completely silent – a SSD is definitely a plus these days.• Tablet mode is great and adds a lot of value. It switches over smoothly disabling the keyboard and switching the display format automatically when you fold it over. I’m glad I never got a tablet – now I have everything in one!• I actually love the touchpad – if I switch back to my old laptop I wonder how I ever did without the multi-touch gestures! It really speeds things up for everyday things like scrolling.Cons (all minor):• Microsoft is a bit pushy with their Edge browser Cortona and OneDrive cloud. But it’s easy enough to ignore them and set your own preferences.• I read that the non-touchscreen Zenbooks are more matte and less reflective. However I don’t find the screen to be that reflective even on low brightness.• The trackpad is sensitive so sometimes when I’m trying to scroll it zooms instead. I got used to it quickly though and it doesn’t happen so much now.I’m also rating this laptop from a social and environmental impact point of view and based on everything below I’m giving the Asus ZenBook 4/5 “green” stars. There’s room for improvement but to be honest I don’t think there is a laptop out there yet worthy of five green stars (except perhaps the rarity of one made from recycled/reclaimed parts). Looking at how they are ranked on other sites: Ethical Consumer and Rankabrand both rank ASUS at the top along with Apple (and HP is close) with Dell and Toshiba at the bottom of the pile. After spending a few days researching both ASUS and Apple from their Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) reports and other sources I generally agree with this assessment: better than average but could do better. Therefore 4/5 green stars!There are many things to look at from the mining of metals to worker welfare to recyclability. But one of the most basic things is product longevity and in my experience ASUS laptops are built to last and should provide 5 years of life or even longer if you are resourceful and upgrade a few things at that point. My last ASUS laptop is 5 years old and still fully functional. The battery is inside the body of the ZenBook but ASUS will change it for you if you don’t feel comfortable taking the back off. Note that a modern lithium battery lasts longer when you DON’T discharge it fully. ASUS laptops are designed so that the processor memory and interface cards can be disassembled with simple tools and ASUS have a recycle program of course. They’ve rebuilt over 1200 used laptops and donated them to schools and also donated laptops to the Unlimited Potential (UP) program for women in Taiwan.Conflict metals are a big topic in electronics. ASUS have responded well to public pressure and for 2015 report that 90-100% of gold and tantalum are CFSI accredited and 70-80% of tin and tungsten (I’ve included a graph on this at the end). Apple announced at the end of 2015 that all four metals are 100% accredited by CFSI or another agency. Both companies do a pretty good job at transparency on hazardous chemicals in their final products and have made a lot of progress towards elimination of several of them such as phthalates beryllium lead and PVC. ASUS produced the world's first lead-free and halogen-free motherboard. They each have their strengths in this area (Apple had to improve following media coverage of problems in the past) and I think they are both above average.Total greenhouse gas emissions (for core company operations) have decreased significantly in the last 5 years for both companies – Apple does this mainly by increasing the amount of green energy they buy or generate while ASUS appear to do it by conservation and keeping their footprint small. I prefer the latter approach since even green energy has an impact (e.g. solar panel construction). By 2013 ASUS had reduced their core greenhouse gas emissions to 30% below 2008 levels. ASUS headquarters received a Zero Waste certification from UL in 2016 (85% Landfill Diversion Rate with 10% Incineration with Energy Recovery) while Apple’s number for 2015 is 63% office waste diversion. According to 2015 audit results there were no violations for Child Labor across the ASUS supply chain.The ASUS UX360CA has an energy star certification; laptops expend very little energy these days compared to some things like clothes dryers. The battery capacity is 54 wh so if you charge it every second day you’ll use a total of 10 kwh annually - this produces around the same greenhouse gas emissions as burning one gallon of gasoline (and costs less than $2 a year). The product packaging isn’t as neat as Apple’s but they use only small amount of plastic and clearly label it as #2 or #4 to help with recycling.