I waited over a month to write this review so that I could give a real appraisal of this laptops strengths and weaknesses.Strengths:So light you have to hold it to believe it. – Really. It is a liberating experience. Put this in a bag or backpack and you have to get used to the unnerving feeling that you forgot your laptop! My previous laptop was a Sony Vaio Z13 – no slouch itself in the slim and light department weighing in at 2.5 pounds. But the half a pound really makes this laptop a different ergonomic experience. For fun I handed it to my wife whose main charge is a surface pro 4. She was stunned at how light it feels. By comparison her surface (with keyboard cover) feels like a brick!  Not what we expected.It is not a tablet but I have found that it is so light that you can hand it to people to view a photo or document in an easy way that I couldn’t do with my previous laptop. The screen can be positioned 100% flat and built in software allows the image to be reversed for viewing. A neat trick and very easy to execute with the function key control.Incredible Keyboard Experience.  I am typing this review on the Samsung right now. I write a lot and want to concentrate on what I am writing and NOT what I am writing with.  Finally I have a laptop that doesn’t make me miss my desktop keyboard! The size spacing tactile feel travel of this keyboard works perfectly for me.Gorgeous Screen. The color vibrancy and detail of photos is something you have to see to appreciate. I work in an environment with bright fluorescent light and the brightness of this screen makes a big difference in readability from my previous laptop. Documents are clear text crisp. My desktop monitor is a 30 inch 2560x1400 resolution beast. I thought I would miss the higher resolution but I guess on a 13.3” screen you don’t really need it. I have no regrets over not having higher definition in this laptop.Powerful enough to get the job done.  As mentioned my previous charge was a Vaio Z and even though it is several generations behind in chipsets it still sported an i7 quad-core processor. Now after a month of putting this through its paces getting a chance to do all of the tasks I previously did with the Z I can report no sense of slowness lag or being underpowered. None. This laptop’s combination of chipset and ram are enough to allow me to seamlessly do my work. In fact some tasks are performed faster on the Samsung. Very satisfied using this as my main portable workhorse.Removable back panel. Beneath the panel you have access to the hard drive and battery. For those with the desire and aptitude to upgrade or change things this is a big plus.WeaknessesNo USB-C port. Not that I need one right now but it still would have been good to have. Other than this it has all the ports you would expect in an ultra-slim format laptop.NO 500 GB Drive option.  I wind up storing a lot of stuff on my laptop and I would have liked the option to upgrade from the 250gb drive that is offered. Offsetting this weakness is the removable back panel mentioned above. The drive can be replaced with a larger one if needed.Not an all-day battery. I have found that about five hours is what I seem to get. Now this is not a deal breaker for me in any way. I didn’t expect something this powerful with this great a screen…weighing this little to be able to pack a big enough battery to go all day. Meanwhile the included plug fairly light and the cord long enough to make carrying it and recharging easy.Bottom line: Ultra-light beautiful screen fantastic keyboard and powerful enough to use as my everyday work laptop. I would buy it again in a heartbeat.