Summary: Great compact laptop for everyday use. I use it as a graphic work laptop.+Great screen with thin bezel+Good Performance+Thin compact design+Variety of ports+Decent Battery-M.2 SSD is SATA3 not PCIe NVMe-No 512GB option-No dedicated GPU-8GB RAM-RAM not expandableScreen:At 1920x1080 screen shows great colors. Photos look great. It isn’t touch screen or high resolution 4K screen. From my experience I think screen size makes bigger impact than resolution for laptops when you need more work space. It is a great screen; however texts have appeared blurry for unknown reasons. I experienced this from installation screens for Adobe softwares. I currently do not know what causes it but it is little distracting to see really nice 1080p screen suffer from blurs like I saw. Strangely everything else is clear including photoshop illustrator web and word processing. Another screen issue I found little distracting was backlight. While on battery with under 50% brightless during the night I can clearly notice when backlight is trying catch up to dim itself or brighten itself whenever going back and forth from mostly dark screen to mostly light screen. For example minimizing full screened photoshop with dark gray work area. I thought it was a hardware flickering issue when I first noticed but it is an actual hidden feature to save battery life under Samsung Settings app. It is less noticeable or during the day with 75% brightness but still there if you are on battery power. This issue is non-existent while charging or with setting turned off.Graphics/GPU:HDMI supports 4K resolution but it is HDMI version 1.4 and maximum refresh rate is at 30Hz. It's fine for typical web surfing or graphic work I do but it is a distraction switching eyes from 60Hz laptop screen to 30Hz 4K screen.Benchmark around the web shows Intel 520 included in this laptop is comparable to GeForce 840m dedicated GPU which is nice but not enough for latest gaming demands. To be honest I purchased this laptop for my graphic work so I haven’t tested any games on it. Apps like photoshop does utilized Intel 520 GPU in this laptop for little bit of extra juice. If you need a gaming PC you should look into desktop as mobile GPUs are no way near desktop GPUs and cost-to-performance ratio is far better on desktop.*update: working with 3D model in Photoshop doesn't see a big boost**update: In the original review I said there is a mini display port but it is not a mini display port. It is sad to report that this laptop only supports 4k@30Hz by normal port options. On the bright side there are USB 3.0 display docks in the market already and there will be superior USB-C versions soon.Sound/Speakers:I was expecting lesser speaker because of the size of the laptop. I was pleasantly surprised with sound output from speakers. It's on par or better compared to most laptops. Like all laptop speakers without mini sub built-in low frequency is absent but it's clear. Speakers are located on bottom sides. Sound is bounced off whatever surface the laptop is on so volume and quality greatly will be affected by what surface you use the laptop on. On hardwood or solid desk sound is decent for a thin laptop. On your lap or carrying around not so great. On wooden surface I was able to pick up some extra detail in sound I couldn't hear while carrying around or holding the laptop. Also sound does get distorted at max volume.Ports:15 inch comes with many ports unlike some other competitors. On the left it has charger plug USB-A (most common USB) custom mini gigabit network port headphone jack and USB-C. USB-C was one of the reasons I decided to go with this laptop. It currently isn't that useful but soon it will be. Sadly USB-C on this laptop doesn't seem to be supporting Thunderbolt 3.On the right another full USB and full HDMI along with micro SD slot. Minor inconvenience is that some ports are too close to each other. USB and HDMI port are so close together that it could be impossible to use both ports same time if your cable heads are too fat. Charging plug is even closer to USB on left side.Also bulky USB flash drives aren't welcomed due to thickness and port spacing.Processing/Performance:I am pretty impressed with the performance so far. It boots up from cold boot in about 5-8 seconds. Opens photoshop in about 3 seconds illustrator in about 5 seconds. Opening them with a file adds 1-3 seconds. My workstation desktop is an old Mac Pro desktop with dual quad-core and 24GB ram. This laptop outperformed my old mac pro with opening and editing 230+ mega pixel project I was working on. Only downside for my use is that multitasking will be limited because of 8GB ram. 8GB ram is shared with GPU and there is no way to upgrade because they are on-board without expansion slots. So far I’ve seen GPU take around 1.5GB of RAM when I was using 4K output.*update: Photoshop 3D model performance isn't good*Storage:SSD in this laptop is M.2 SATA3 not PCIe NVMe. Still good enough for most tasks. I was transferring about 26GB of files through old USB 2.0 storage and it managed to open photoshop and run everything else without taking a performance hit. Fresh out of box it had 199GB left for storage. With my work apps and other things minimum for my work installed and transferred over it currently sit at 158GB free space.Input Devices:Keyboard has decent spacing and comparable to full-size keyboard without keypad but still less comfortable than desktop keyboards I’m used to. Trackpad is large and smooth surface helps. It has no buttons on bottom like traditional laptop touchpads. Entire pad clicks and differentiates right click by where your finger presses (right bottom area). I’m not a huge fan of touch right click on Mac so I’m not a fan here either. It works but you could left click instead of right click. There are some extra functions built-in like holding finger on trackpad opens up additional navigation options which I haven’t found any usefulness from it.Battery Life:So far battery life is good. I have use it throughout the day and left it on while I was attending other things. Checked out 4K videos and did some heavy lifting on battery like installing from USB hard drive while using/doing other things. After 11-12 hours of using and idling (I never turned it off but it went to sleep once) I must have used 6-7 hours actively without trying to save battery life and yet still had 23% battery left. Battery life will depend heavily on what you do with the laptop. Samsung Settings app has some nifty battery saving options and tells you exactly how much power you are using.Extras:Only bloatware I removed was Norton and replaced it with Avira before it expired. Samsung Settings app is great. I'm surprised that it actually has useful options like sleep USB charging for phones auto-boot when you open laptop’s lid disable webcam completely for privacy and turn background screen black for even more battery savings. Options are not mindblowing but they are rather nice to have. Wondering which wifi network is faster at some random place? Samsung Settings app shows you theoretical max speed of wifi networks. It has a silent mode where you have option to turn down your fan usage of fans inside. I do not know if it goes completely fan-less or not because I usually don’t hear fans go off insanely loud. It’s already very quiet and it doesn't have much of heat issue.VS Competition:Other laptops I considered before taking the leap of faith were Dell XPS13 Asus UX303UB HP Spectre LG Gram 15”. I later narrowed it down to either this laptop or Asus which has best spec among similarly priced models. I ultimately decided on this laptop because of 15” screen portability and USB-C. HP Spectre wasn’t out in time I purchased Notebook 9 but looked like it would get i5 instead of i7 for similar price.Picture I uploaded are size comparison between Samsung notebook 9 15" and Dell Inspiron 15"**UPDATE for accessories**USB-C to HDMI 2.0a Active Adapter 4K @ 30Hz bugged me so much that I gave this adapter a try. This works flawlessly for 4K @ 60Hz.AmazonBasics 14-Inch Laptop Sleeve I can confirm that this sleeve fits very well as mentioned in other customer reviews.