I bought this notebook because i was looking for a nice light portable web and word processing device. The oversized amazon box that it came in had some of that brown paper package thing but the notebook box itself while it didn't have any damages whatsoever was still sliding around in the amazon box. Taking the notebook out of its own box it felt very light (coming from a Dell Studio 1749) but not a cheap light a more high quality feeling but light. It doesnt flex the screen feels solid enough and while the keyboard travel is a bit shorter than what I am used to it doesnt distract from the experience of using it 9.5/10 times that 0.5 times I will say to myself "wow the key travel is a bit short" right when i press down a key and my finger hits a sudden stop. I turned it on and after initial setup and installation of updates this being my first SSD based laptop with Windows 10 I shut it down and booted it back up to check the startup speed. It booted up in about 5 seconds! I had to shut it down again thinking that I had put it to sleep instead of a full shut down. Again went to windows login in about 5 seconds. Again this being my first SSD laptop and coming from an old 5000rpm HDD my mind was blown. I enjoy the thinner bezels and the colors of the screen seem pretty nice and the display dims very very low and gets pretty bright as well the very low brightness level combined with the "reading mode" (found in the settings when you press the F1 key and makes the screen less blue and more yellowish) makes bright white webpages and word files easier on the eyes when using this notebook in the dark. The screen size combined with the 1080 resolution does make text in Chrome browser smaller than I am used to but changing the default zoom level in Chrome sorted that out. Bloatware wise it comes with a minimal amount that can be removed especially that norton anti virus. The speakers arent that great they are maybe just about adequate for what they are given the very thin and light design of the chassis but most of the time i use earphones anyway. The screen seems to be held closed by magnets? and when the laptop is turned off completely (not put to sleep or hibernated) it has this feature where when you lift the screen up it automatically turns on I do not know if this is a Windows 10 thing or a common feature among laptops nowadays but I like it. All in all I love it so far and the only thing I would wish for is a backlit keyboard I understand the 13 inch model has that but I would want it on this 15 incher. Also I noticed a couple times that the screen brightness randomly goes up and down a little bit while i was looking at a web page but some samsung updates got installed yesterday and i dont know if that issue was resolved but havent noticed it since then. Those 2 complaints combined is why i deduct a full star.