This has got to be the perfect laptop right now on the market ! First of all what will shock you when you pick it up is the weight. It's incredibly light so light that it feels like it's empty or made of paper ! I've done research for a few months before settling on this which means that I killed time in BestBuy and Microcenter and places like that lifting and checking lots of laptops and there is nothing out there that even comes close to weighing so little (1.9lbs). The design is simple but attractive (simplicity is generally attractive if you'll allow me a little aphorism) the body is quite rigid and the screen doesn't flex. The keyboard is very comfortable and very well spaced (I'm a programmer I should know...). No weird enter key no tiny backspace no tiny shifts... nothing like that everything is as it should be. I think the key press is soft for a laptop keyboard which I very much like that's another strong advantage in my opinion.Screen is an IPS which means it has great viewing angles. It can be very bright too I'm actually comfortable at 30-50% brightness. It's glossy so there is a little glare but not much certainly not distracting. The back cover can easily be removed there are some clearly visible screws so that's another plus in my opinion since you could upgrade things like memory or ssd. I haven't opened it yet though.In conclusion A+ for design and build quality.Now for the speed and software: it comes with windoze 10 obviously but I'm a Linux guy so I'll talk about that. Everything works out of the box ! My distribution of choice is Slackware I easily cloned my desktop (slackware 14.2) then shrank the windoze ntfs and put linux in the rest of the space.Here are the steps:1) shrink windoze C partition from windoze as soon as possible. Because of fragmentation it will restrict the minimum size. I was able to shrink it to about 100G.2) boot in linux (through EFI not legacy) create new partitions clone your roothome...etc ext4 filesystems using fsarchiver. Clonezilla didn't work well for me when going to a filesystem of different size but fsarchiver knows how to resize filesystems.3) install and configure grub in your linux and also create efi entry in the bios/boot manager (grub-install grub-mkconfig efibootmgr).That's it. I'm on kernel 4.4.x longterm branch and everything works out of the box: screen brightness volume wireless touchpad bluetooth. The only problem that I had was with a bluetooth mouse which would stop working immediately after connecting. It turned out there were some HID settings in the kernel so I recompiled with those and now I'm using a Microsoft bluetooth mouse 3600 with no issues ! Recompiling the kernel was pretty fast so I'm happy with the speed of this laptop as well.In conclusion: if you're a Linux user it's perfect. If you're on Windows this is still a superb laptop unless you insist on having touchscreen. I personally don't care about touchscreen on the laptop I have a tablet and phone for fooling around with that.This is by far the lightest and the most mobile that I've seen - Apple laptops are heavy.I've only had it for a month so I can't say anything about durability yet but so far I strongly recommend it.