I've had this ASUS Chromebook for about 3 days and I absolutely love it. It does all the basics that I need and want a laptop to do. I'm actually typing on it at this very moment to do a review. The pictures that I attached I actually sent from my phone via a very useful app called "Pushbullet".Size: Perfect for me personally. I went down a size from my last laptop that was around 13 inches and I have to say that this is just as good size wise. It is very thin so a lap desk would be best instead of just in your lap. The tread on the bottom is also kind of slick on certain surfaces though it DOES have pads on the bottom. It's just a very...slick laptop regardless.Typing/ Keyboard size: Good enough for me. I have average sized hands for a female and can still type as fast as I do on any other keyboard maybe even easier. Keep in mind that THERE IS NO CAPS LOCK BUTTON(that I'm aware of). I had to use shift to make that all capitalized. There are a few other not-really-needed keys missing like "page up/page down" but they are not a necessity and can be used with Control Commands (alt + up button/ down button).OS: You won't be able to do any hardcore gaming on this the Chrome operating system is pretty basic. You will need to download certain applications on the chrome webstore to open certain files (Example: you obviously need an emulator to play ROM games which yes I have been doing just fine.) I use this mainly for doing my schoolwork and essays via Word Online which is free if you give your student email. Everything is saved through Google Drive. I would recommend this laptop for a student-on-the-go with a tight budget but it has a lot of great recreational uses such as accessing spotify or netflix online. I'm still new to it so there was a learning curve with me the first 20 minutes or so that I had the laptop and I am still finding more and more useful things that it can do. It's so far super fast to load.Battery life: So far the battery life has been great. I've been listening to music for the last 3 and a half hours unplugged in my room and light searching the web and battery life is on 85% still. I think the time estimate of how long you have for battery life on the screen varies because of change in activities on the computers but supposedly if I continue to use this laptop at the pace I have been using it then there is approx. 9 hours left.To put it simply? As someone who has not had a fully functioning laptop in years I'm in love with this chromebook.