I'll comment a bit on look and feel stuff as well as how it operates since I think that's important when choosing a computer.Build-wise it seems very nice. The body of the computer is indeed made of aluminum which I like. It has nice chamfered edges on the inside (likely unnoticeable in the product shots but it's a nice detail) that I like. You won't open the lid with one finger but on the bright side the hinge has little wobble and seems nice and sturdy. It only opens up to about 130-degrees though if not less which doesn't seem all that far to me. Interestingly the body from the inside seems to have more flex than you'd expect for metal. It could be very nice coated plastic but I'm not sure. It feels similar to the way a Macbook Pro does. (If it is flexible metal that may actually be a better thing for durability as any blunt force would likely be taken by the laptop body and not by the hardware) The stickers on the inside will probably look shoddy from your hand resting on them after a while and mine aren't perfectly lined up. Most questionably the Thunderbolt sticker next to the USB C port is comically crooked on mine. Couldn't that be printed on the case like all the other USB ports?The display has a pentile pixel layout but I think it gets away with it for being 4k. For the uninitiated pentile is when the subpixels are slightly offset which can create a jagged look to fine details. You'll notice it if you look very closely but at normal distances I don't see it. I think it would have been unacceptable if the display were any lower in resolution. The black level seems high when you're looking at an all-dark screen but the contrast is not bad at normal viewing distances. It does have that greenish tint in the yellows that others have mentioned. I read somewhere that there's a driver tweak that fixes it though I haven't tried it yet. Viewing angles are okay it gets darker when you start to get more and more sideways. The glossy screen does glare kind of a lot though on the bright side it seems to have some sort of coating to resist fingerprints. It's not impeccable but it does seem to smudge up less than my previous touch screen laptop. It hasn't given me any problematic display lag for games either. One really great thing about it is how it looks at low brightness. I traditionally use laptops at full brightness all the time though if you do choose to turn yours down it retains decent contrast into middle brightness (and gets worse from there.) I was surprised by that.The keyboard is really nice the keys are springy and have a nice amount of travel and tactile feedback. The power button is in a weird spot though I've hit it a few times when going for the 'page down' key. On the bright side it goes to sleep and comes back very quickly! The trackpad felt too grippy for the first few days but now it feels nice and smooth. Trackpads seem to routinely be the worst part of any PC laptop so I'll vouch that this one is not bad. The click takes a bit too much force if you ask me but it's very responsive to tap clicks. I do tend to accidentally do different swipe gestures though its sensitivity is very high and it'll notice if your other fingers touch it while it's in use.I don't consider laptop speakers especially important. On this they're not all that strong. I'm surprised B&O put their name on it. (And they're on the bottom those dots around the keyboard are just cosmetic)Performance-wise it seems great so far. There's an included Nvidia utility that lets you decide which apps should use which GPU. It's useful in case of scenarios like I had where Photoshop would only see the Intel graphics. I was dealing with slowdowns (Intel graphics are really slow) even just using the UI until I figured that out! I'm mostly a Nintendo gamer but I tested Portal 2 and was surprised by the results. Plugged in it played smoothly in 4k at 2x anti aliasing and with middle-ground texture filtering (everything else at max.) The nice thing about 4k is that you don't need anti-aliasing as much. I didn't expect that kind of graphics performance which was a nice surprise! The GPU got to 80c during that game which is pretty toasty but shouldn't be unreasonable for a laptop.The processor is a hyperthreaded quad core i7 and performs flawlessly like you'd expect. Unless you're encoding video or rendering graphics you'll almost never see it at full usage. I haven't done any major tests of the SSD but I'm sure it's quick. It's very instantaneous for even fairly demanding tasks. I bought this to replace a fried Samsung that had an older i7 and older radeon graphics and even that was plenty to fulfill most of what I did with it (browsing occasional Photoshop and video processing) so this will be a good performer for most users for a very long time.Battery life isn't stellar though I'm sure I could also be doing a better job choosing settings that wouldn't drain it so fast.The Wifi performance is great. There's an area of my house where my Wii U has wonky reception (router is all the way on the other side) 3DSs are quite spotty first gen iPad Mini can't see wifi at all and my old laptop would often connect and disconnect. My desktop (same room) uses a newer ASUS USB dongle for Wifi that needs to have its antenna extended down the hallway to see the router. This laptop not only retains a connection in this room no problem but gets between 15 and 30 Mbps (down and up) depending on how my ISP is feeling that day. Very nice.At the time of this review this laptop has just about every cutting edge feature you could find in a strong all-around performance laptop. Current-gen i7 the popular GTX-960m graphics chip effective cooling and reasonable battery life USB 3 USB C (and thunderbolt!) and a 4k display. To me it's a plus that it's not a chunky ugly gaming laptop. It also has a nice keyboard and perhaps most crucially a trackpad you won't hate. The SSD is fast and has a lot of storage and 16gb of RAM is great. The reason it's so commendable despite its flaws is because any similar machine I looked at with these specs was around $500 more. For that cost I'm sure you'd get non-pentile 4k and perfectly aligned stickers. If those things aren't worth $500 to you this one is great. It also thoughtfully included a USB to ethernet adapter which I thought was nice! It gets four stars because of its minor flaws. They could have at least shipped it with the yellows properly situated and the stickers lined up. But I'm enjoying it.