Notes: When I initially ordered this product I received a faulty product that had an unresponsive and physically damaged space bar and was missing a power cable. Thankfully Amazon's replacement process allowed me to receive a new one that remedied these issues.Pros:* Battery Life: My damaged model held a 7 hour average battery time over the week I had it. My new model holds 5-6 hours of battery. This is in power saver mode with 30 - 50 percent brightness using google chrome to do lots of browsing and youtube things. Respectable in my opinion.* Keyboard: With the exception of the damaged key the tactile feel of keyboard is pretty good. Inclusion of a number pad is useful for number crunchers like myself. Back light is uneven on some keys (notably tab) but it serves its purpose.* Touch Pad: Pretty good not perfect. It is for the most part accurate and responsive. Asus' gesture software is not completely customizable but covers most usage scenarios well and picks up those gestures. There is some micro shakiness every now and then and the touch to click may not seem to work but I think it's my finger posture that causes these misreads. Still something to watch out for but I think it's good.* Build: The metal build is sexy. Fingerprints do get on it but they are easy to clean and the laptop comes with a cleaning cloth. Some will this device is "heavier" than its competitors; however "heavier" is a relative term. 4.5 pounds is not heavy at all. Do you even lift?* Value: Other machines with the specs and performance of the UX501VW cost around $2200+. This costs $1500. There are some compromises but when it comes to price to performance this machine is the bee knees.Cons:* Screen: Although the 4K monitor is beautiful when software supports certain programs become unwieldy when 4K resolution is involved. My usage scenario of using a wacom tablet to write equations is notably difficult as the stylus UI does not scale with the high resolution and creates an extremely tiny reticle for the pen. The screen itself is also incredibly glossy and mirror-like. It's still extremely pretty if these things do not bother you. There is some wobble when poked but only noticeable when brought up. I'm sorry that you can't unthink that now when you poke your screen.* Speakers: Utterly disappointing. In both models I had the sound was quiet and uneven. Quiet in that a macbook air at half volume was louder than this machine at max output. Uneven in that the left speaker is consistently louder than the right speaker. What punctuates this disappoint is that I had experienced two models with these issues. I highly recommend external speakers or headphones when using this device.* SD Card slot: Your card will stick half-way out. Not a terrible thing on a desk-top but something I'd rather not think about on a mobile deviceConclusion: This product is a good and smart buy if you care more about price to performance. You do make compromises with sound and glossy screen but those are easily fixed with a matte screen protector and a good pair of headphones or speakers; both of which you could buy with the $600 you saved by buying this instead of a similarly speced XPS 15 or Thinkpad P50 (The other options I considered when buying the UX501VW).