Let me perfectly clear that I love Apple products.  I purchased this to replace my six year old MacBook Pro and really like the style as well as how light it is compared to my last laptop. Also the screen puts my older MacBook Pro to shame. Sadly this is where the love for this product ends. I received my laptop yesterday and sadly there was a problem with the keyboard. The "I" key worked as if it had a mind of its own. Sometimes it would work but most of the time I found that I had to press it multiple times to get it to respond. So today I contacted Amazon customer support and tried to get some help since last night I did some reading in the forums and discovered that this is a known issue with some of these laptops and it is a hardware issue and not software. Unfortunately the customer support agent could not understand this but instead wanted me to restore the keyboard defaults that by the way had not been changed. Then she wanted me to spray compressed air on the brand new keyboard. Then finally uninstall and reinstall the keyboard drivers that have nothing to do with one key not working. After multiple attempts to explain this I finally gave up and decided to return the laptop and go to the Apple store and purchase one locally so in the event that I have further issues I can go stand face to face with an Apple customer support agent and have my problem resolved locally. Let me express that by no means where the support agents rude in fact they were quite pleasant however they failed to listen to what I was telling them and appeared to be reading off of a cue card. Again I realize that electronics can and will have issues. I have been in the electronics industry for over 30 years and have seen my fair share of problems but for the first time since becoming an Amazon Prime member I felt that Amazon customer support fell short of my expectations especially considering the cost of this product and the fact that it had issues straight out of the box. Hopefully this will be a learning experience for their customer support staff so in the future they will more willing to listen to the customer and not offer a canned response that offers no resolutions.