I had full intensions of working my 5D Mark II for another year or two.  The Mark II had really served me well but I didn't have rain protection on one of my photo tours this year and during the week of intense rains here in Colorado the Mark II gave out after being in the rain for 2 days. I needed a camera right away while my Mark II went in for repairs.I decided to go with the Mark III since it used compact flash and also I wanted the upgraded 61-point focusing system and the faster frame rate.  Both the Mark III and the 6D have the new Digic 5+ processor which is amazing but the Mark III can shoot at a full 6fps allowing me to use the camera in more action related situations and so I didn't need to purchase a 2nd camera for the occasional sporting events I was shooting.On my last photo tour we did some astro photography just outside of Crested Butte Colorado on Ohio Pass and the result was some amazing images at ISO 5000 with little to no noise! I literally was able to use image right out of the camera with no post noise reduction.I also shoot portraits and occasionally I get requests to shoot the kids in action. I went to one of the high school football games to capture of few of my students in action on the football field and I was able to shoot at ISO 12800 so I could capture the players in action with a fast enough shutter speed. This in combination with 6fps gave me clean crisp images. Post noise reduction was minimal.  The 5D Mark II would never have been able to match this camera's performance.  Iso 6400 on the Mark II is loaded with noise so 12800.I am disappointed in the fact that the SD card slot is not UDMA-7 compatible and will only support write speeds of 133X.  If you want to shoot fast with no buffering then don't use the SD card slot.  Stick to the compact flash. When you pair this camera with the Lexar 1000X  or San Disk Extreme Pro CF cards it can shoot all day long at 6fps and you never notice any buffering.I love the new beefier body and grip.  It feels really good in the hands and ever better than the Mark II.  Though it is heavier I love the magnesium body. This camera is much more solid and tight sealing than my Mark II though during my trip to Telluride I made sure I had rain and snow protection for the camera.The price is high for this camera but I'm totally happy with my purchase. I'm glad I didn't settle for the 6D. The new 61-point focusing system and the 6fps frame rate made this the right purchase for me plus the fact that I could take advantage of my already huge investment in compact flash cards I already owned and didn't have to move to new SD cards.Love this investment in my business!  Totally worth it!