I am deeply disappointed with the crap they have put together with this new Macbook Pro 2016. Whatever new bells and whistles they have in this new machine such as USB-C have just added to the cost but have made it really difficult to connect to my existing hardware. There are not that many cable connectors/adapters to connect to USB-3/2 or so many other types of connectors that are out there including hdmi. The few that are available cost an arm and a leg.The ones that I could connect to (for example external monitors) such as DVI to USB-C (through adapters) don't work. The monitor displays images that keep flashing. I have tried many configurations and they all have the same result.The worst problem is in printing. When I try to print to a PDF file or a Printer the screen quickly scrolls horizontally stops all other apps that are running and then comes back to the print page and thenI have to try all over again. This happens consistently for every second or third time I print. I called Apple support and the guy was nice and tried to help me. First he thought it is something to do with the OS and made me reinstall it. He tried all he could but the same result. Then he told me it could be a hardware issue and take it to a retail store and get it checked out. I was not going to shell out 2K and within the first week experience these kinds of problems and start going to technicians from the start. I was thankfully able to return it.Then I thought it was bad luck and then went on to buy the same model and hoped that these problems would not be there. Alas same result. My external monitors exhibited the same problem and the printing issue had same problems with the same consistency.Apple has gotten arrogant and complacent. I guess if Steve Jobs were alive today there would be some heads rolling by now or may be this kind of product would never have made it to the market.I have been a Windows user for the last 2 decades but I got disillusioned with the Windows 10 and decided to switch. I am pretty disheartened that there is no alternative. It is hard to get new old model of Macbooks.People think before upgrading to this crap. I have all the documentation to prove this and if you need more details pl write back for more details.I have to be more specific about printing. I am not sure why there are not many more complaints about this from others. Anyways when I say print I mean printing from a website. I tend to read a lot of articles and save many of them if I want to read them in the future. So far I have encountered this problem only when i print from a website. I am not sure if this is the case when you go to a document and print to your hardware printer. I don't print a lot to papers just to save the environment and try to read as much on screens as possible.I request other users of this latest machine to try and see if they are facing the same issues. May be most people don't print from articles on sites. That could be one reason why people are not complaining about it in bigger numbers. However those that experience the same issues should put that in their review so that Apple takes this seriously and fix the bug ASAP.thanks.