UPDATED FEBRUARY 2017Let me start with the good:  love the small footprint and weight of this laptop.  It feels more like carrying a tablet than a computer.  But for what is supposed to be a professional computer those are not essentials and come at the expense of much more important features.- After months of use I still hate the keyboard and find it to be about the worst I’ve ever used.  Just can’t stand the shallowness of the keys which makes it way too easy to miss a keystroke or hit the wrong key.  I’m a good typist; this is not “user error”.  I just can’t adjust to this style and would gladly add a few millimeters back to the thickness of the computer if it meant having a normal keyboard again.- Is the world ready for a laptop with no traditional USB ports?  Apparently not:  after all these months there is still no USB-C mouse on the market that I can find.  I’m a mouse guy and can’t work all day on trackpad alone so I’m stuck using a dongle to plug in my wireless mouse receiver.  It's crazy to completely drop a port before the industry is even close to switching over to something new.  (Want to restore my faith in you Apple?  Build a technology for wireless peripheral communication that works better than bluetooth.)- Touch Bar is beyond useless and actually slows me down.  What a strange and unnecessary addition.  Isn’t Apple already marketing the iPad Pro to people who focus on touch input?  I say keep laptops and tablets separate until you’re truly ready to merge those worlds some day.- Losing MagSafe charging is a shame.  And connecting and disconnecting cables to the USB-C ports requires nimble fingers because they are so small and close to each other.I strongly prefer macOS over Windows 10 but this collection of very poor design choices is pushing me close to switching to a PC.  If Windows improves a little over the next year and Apple doesn’t realize their error and build a real Pro machine this will definitely be my last MacBook.  This computer is fine for taking to bed to watch a movie or browse the internet but to do real work on all day it's a major disappointment.  And that’s a shame because the MacBook Pro was once the very best laptop on the market by far.