Pros1.) The space gray color in my opinion looks more attractive and appealing. I own the 2012 MacBook pro with retina and in terms of color the space gray one takes the trophy.2.) The retina display is a lot brighter and sharp.3.) Very fast when using final cut pro or Photoshop.4.) You can’t even notice there is a fan on this laptop. On my 2012 MacBook Pro I constantly hear the fan when rendering in final cut pro but not on this one!5.) Lighter and smaller than the previous generation. Although not by much you can feel the difference.6.) The trackpad is as Donald Trump would say “Huge!” When I went back to work on my 2012 MacBook pro I missed having the humongous trackpad in front of me. It is a nice to have the extra space to scroll and click.Cons1.) Touch ID is limited: When you turn on the computer for the first time you need to input your password you are not allowed to use your finger to login. I have yet to see a program that takes advantage of the touch id. You cannot even use touch ID at the apple store on the mac you must input your password manually.2.) The 15” – 512gb is expensive! I couldn’t believe apple would sell a $2400 computer with 256gb in 2016! I honestly recommend you get at least 512gb of memory. With all the new programs coming out music and video your hard drive will get full fast. Not to mention that if you plan to install windows 10 (only windows version that you can install) with boot camp you will need the additional hard drive space…3.) You must buy dongles for almost any device you own (to charge your phone your current external hard drives printer etc.).4.) No more illuminated logo on the back of the screen. Not a big thing to me but I know some people loved that.Overall: If you already own a 2012 MacBook Pro or newer it will probably be a waste of money to upgrade to this one. Unless you are an apple fanboy like me and just need to have the newest apple product. Otherwise stay with your MacBook Pro which can probably do 90% of the same things this one can. If it is your first time buying a mac and you will be working on photo or video editing software this is the computer for you! For casual web browsing and school work go with a much cheaper 13” MacBook pro or the 12” MacBook. The touch bar is a nice feature but it does not add much to the user experience (I wish they would have given me more Gigabyte’s instead).