UPS delivered a new 7D on October 8 2009 five weeks after I placed an Amazon pre-order. During the last 4.5 years I've gotten to know this groundbreaking DSLR well. With weather seals at the level of the legendary EOS 1N high performance appointments and contoured magnesium body shell the 7D is like a mini 1D. It's solid yet comfy in hand: deep finger grooves in the grip and thick textured rubber make for a secure handhold. The large thumb rest anchors the thumb and increases grip security.The shutter is softer than a 50D but louder than my 60D and 6D. If you're a SLR shooter you'll consider the 7D pianissimo. At 8FPS I call it fast. To maintain high FPS you need a good battery and the 7D is good for 1000 images per charge. Obviously video and live view reduce battery time. The LP-E3 batteries are dependable and have a useable life of about 3 years.CONTROL INTERFACE: Controls revolve around 3 wheels 19 buttons 1 joystick and 11 tabbed menus. Major features rely on physical controls can be set by feel while looking through the viewfinder. Menus ares used for options. Wheels have stiff resistance making accidental turning unlikely. EOS veterans whould feel at home and will barely need to crack the manual. Most controls can be reprogrammed. I configured the joystick for direct selection of AF points and assigned center AF point to the DOF button. Menus can be configured too e.g. group favorite settings under a single tab. The menus are well organized with options on a single page.VIEWFINDER: The viewfinder shows 100% of the image at 1.0X magnification and is the best APS-C viewfinder I've used. The focusing screen is not user replaceable but the transmissive LCD display--transparent LCD over the focusing screen--can simulate five AF patterns grid and plain matte screens. The red AF display flashes may be changed to dark gray or disabled. The viewfinder data display is bright and easy to read.AUTOFOCUS: The 19-point cross-type AF array is the most significant 7D innovation. The center point is a double cross. Imagine two superimposed crosses: rotate one cross so the arms fall in between the axis of the other. A F2.8 or faster lens is needed to enable high precision double cross sensitivity. With slower optics it reverts to normal precision and single cross.  Off-center points are cross point and can snag almost anything. Although the 7D has double the AF points of the 50D the AF area is the same size. AF selection via joystick is precise and quick.My disappointment with 19-point auto select is active points can't be directly overridden with the joystick. Instead press the AF selection button use the M-Fn button to cycle through modes until single point AF appears and finally select the AF point with the joystick! Oddly individual AF points may be chosen in 19-point AI servo. However the selected point is a starting point for AI servo tracking: focus is handed off to each of the 19 points as the subject is tracked across the frame.My compromise for the problem above is to use Zone AF with center point assigned to the DOF button. Zone AF behaves like 19-point AF but limited to one of 5 user selected zones. Zones may be chosen directly via joystick and if pin point accuracy is needed or it misses press the DOF button to narrow AF to a single point within the active zone. Essentially it becomes 5-point AF with the DOF button. Release DOF button to return to normal operation.Spot AF reduces AF point size for precise control of the focal point ideal for macro and portraits. Why not use normal Single point AF? Normal AF points are large and may cover both the eye and eyebrow in a tight portrait locking on the more contrasty eyebrow. Reducing AF point size insures an eyeball lock. Spot AF is the most significant focusing breakthrough of the past 5 or 6 years. It's not for everyone but makes macro and portrait shooters happy.METERING: Sixty-three zone metering debuted in the EOS 1D Mark III and filtered down to the 7D. Evaluative metering integrates color data into the algorithm and is better at avoiding overexposure of reds. It's a minor improvement over 35-zone metering of XXD cameras but better in tricky lighting. Exposure compensation (EC) is adjustable to +/- 3 stops. Metering is more biased to the active AF point than earlier EOS DSLRs i.e. the object you focus on has more weight in exposure calculations. In Zone AF where a group of AF points lock the exposure is more averaged.FLASH: The retractable E-TTL flash is great for fill flash and snapshots. AF assist is the main gotcha--pulses like a disco strobe--but can be disabled. The popup also functions as a wireless E-TTL flash master using light pulses to trigger compatible Speedlites. If you use auto-ISO with flash it defaults to ISO 400. Often that is not high enough for balanced fill in low light and too high for fill in bright light so you'll need to dial in ISO settings manually.Flash exposure compensation (FEC) in -3 to + 3 in 1/2 or 1/3 stop increments FE Lock (M-Fn button) and second curtain sync are available in the flash menu. Flash exposure is normally accurate and I rarely need FEC save for very dark or light subjects. FEC has a dedicated button and can be set without taking your eye from the viewfinder.IMAGE QUALITY: At low ISO there isn't much improvement over 50D RAW files. That's not a bad thing as the 50D is excellent at ISO 100-400. However 7D high ISO shows significant improvement over its predecessor with reduced noise especially banding. The 7D pulls off a great ISO 800 and a good 1600. With default DPP noise reduction files are fine for nice 11 x 17 or 13 x 19 inch prints. In a pinch I wouldn't hesitate to use ISO 3200 with noise reduction.APS-C cameras are less tolerant of underexposure than full frame models. I shoot RAW "expose to the right" and pull back exposure 1/2 stop or so prior to converting to TIFF. The resulting image is cleaner than normally exposed ones. Avoid AutoISO and select settings with less noise: ISO 160 320 640 and 1250 rather than 200 400 800 and 1600.FINAL BURB: The 7D is a nimble precise and capable instrument and a significant upgrade over the 50D. Durable construction and top AF performance make it great for outdoor action. However the 7D is not for everybody: heavy and the plexus of features insure a long learning curve. I've owned it over four years and it still delivers in spades.