I'd like to start off this review by clarifying that this laptop does indeed have a M.2 256GB Samsung NVMe SSD asus amazon and notebookcheck would lead you to beleive it has a M.2 SATA 3 drive. No NVMe and it's very fast.Next the size of the device. it's alot larger than the photos would lead you to believe. it's height is about one inch which is fine but a little wide. as a matter of fact when I took the laptop out of the box for the first time I thought it was a 17" model. nope 15"6. Not bad tho if you take into consideration the performance... which leads to the next topic...this laptop is very Powerful. it's crushes my 3 year old gtx 780ti. its maxing out my entire steam library with ease... just make sure you keep it plugged in or else performance will drop significantly.as far as build quality its better than decent imo. plastic but a solid design.I do have some complaints tho...1. the touchpad is slightly less than decent imo. Once you get oil on it finger glide is noticeablly different. The click also is missing a certain crispness that I felt from other laptops. It's not a deal breaker by anymeans but I would recommend a mouse.2. speakers are meh not horrible by any means but no bass. I would recommend headphones.3. the FN KEY is very annoying. if you want to use the numpad screen brightness speakers and more you need to use the FN key. Maybe there are setting to bypass this but as far as I know it's just a hassle to use.The laptop runs fairly loud and hot when under full load during stress tests. as far as heat goes temp ussally stay between 80-90c for both the GPU and CPU. The CPU tends to be hotter occasionally dipping into the low 90s.(I tested in a 72f room.) as far as regular gaming in GTA 5 the temps and fan were much lower and quieter During gameplay. The fans do a great job of keeping the keyboard cool and heat is dispersed properly from the rear vents.The laptop is a bit larger than first thought but if you take into consideration the type of power this laptop has within it's chassis its extremely portable.This laptop is for the gamer on the go. coming from an i7-4770k/gtx 780ti full gaming rig I'm more than satisfied with this product. The laptop's i7-6700HQ/gtx 1070 w/16gbs of ram DDR4 really ensure that the system is future proof and will easily do 1080p/60hz on high for at least 2-3 years.asus GL502VS has the ability to crush any game and anywhere.