The first thing I'm going to do given the confusion as to tech specs is to discuss what this laptop does indeed come equipped with.  This laptop comes equipped with 7th generation Intel Core i7 7700HQ CPU (Kaby Lake) 16GB DDR4-2400 RAM GTX 1060 6GB (Pascal) 128GB M.2 SSD (mine came with SanDisk) 1TB 5400RPM HDD (mine came with Hitachi) and most importantly...a 15.6" 1920x1080 60Hz IPS G-Sync enabled display.  I repeat...a 15.6" 1920x1080 60Hz IPS G-Sync enabled display.  This website...http://edgeup.asus.com/2017/01/04/kaby-rog-gaming-laptop-guide/...clearly lays out the specs and differences between the various models.  I would strongly advise reading it if you are uncertain about any specs with this series of laptops.  Now...on to the review.Design/Layout...4.0/5.0:  I took a point off here because while the laptop is very attractively presented (in my opinion) the "thin and light" nature of it's design and the inclusion of the GTX 1060 does inevitably mean that there will be a moderate amount of heat.  I am a causal gamer (Diablo 3 League of Legends Final Fantasy XIV etc) so the games I play don't really put too much of a strain on the graphics.  That being said with the mentioned games begin maxed out graphically speaking the laptop did get rather warm though not enough to concern me even after an hour of playing.  I personally feel like if the vents on the bottom of the laptop were positioned better or wider vented heat wouldn't be as much of an issue.  The laptop itself is very sleek and features a minimalist aesthetic which I am very fond of.  The lid is brushed aluminum while the deck is high-quality plastic painted to match.  The chicklet keyboard has stylish ROG-red LEDs under the keys to provide a nice but not obnoxious glow.  Other than that all the ports are conveniently laid out and the build quality over all is excellent.Setup...4.5/5.0:  Half a point was lost here due more to confusion on ASUS' website than with the the laptop itself.  The first thing I like to do when I get a new laptop is to take an inventory of drivers and useful software download said drivers and software from the manufacturer's website and do a complete from-scratch reload of the OS.  On ASUS' website if you search for "GL502VM" you will see "GL502VM (7th generation Kaby Lake)" and "GL502VM" auto-populate.  If you choose the former (which is what this laptop is) you will be taken to what is effectively a blank page. No driver download options no manuals FAQs...nothing.  If you choose the latter (which is the Skylake model) you will have all the download options you need.  This actually prompted a call to ASUS Customer Service so they could verify that the Skylake model drivers would indeed work with the Kaby Lake model.  Once that confusion was gone...I had all my drivers and software in hand.  After that the OS reload was a breeze and the laptop has been working like champ ever since.Performance...5.0/5.0:  I have absolutely nothing to complain about here.  This thing travels at warp speed!  Windows installed from start to finish in about 15 minutes takes about 4 seconds to load to a workable desktop and about 3-4 seconds to shut completely down.  As for gaming I mentioned the games that I play above and I knew before testing that I would be able to run all of them maxed out.  No surprises here thanks to good research.Reliability...4.0/5.0:  A point was lost here because of the ASUS Precision Touchpad.  When it works. it works as well as a touchpad can maybe a little better thanks to the multi-touch capability.  However after a time the right-click function on the touchpad just stops working.  The timing is random no errors are indicated and the only way to restore full functionality is to disable/enable the device via Device Manager.  I have verified that the latest driver is installed so it is more than likely a small glitch with the driver and Windows.  I am hoping that future driver update fixes this issue but for now it is not a huge deal being that I have a USB wireless mouse.All in all I would highly recommend this laptop for anyone who is a casual to mid-range gamer graphic designer video editor or student. This is very well build laptop that will likely last 3-5 years before falling victim to obselence.  Hardcore gamers...I would advise you look at a model with the GTX 1070 and 120Hz display unless you are on a tight budget.  I just feel like this product could not withstand hours of heat due to the intense graphic demand of AAA FPS games and over time you would most certainly experience a drop-off in frame rates.Overall rating: 4.375