Let me start by saying I've been an Asus fanboy for quite a few years starting with custom builds with Asus mobos and then getting into their ROG laptops starting with the G73 then the G750jm. I figured I'd try my luck with their new ROG GL502 as I wanted something a bit more portable and powerful with the new "desktop class performance" of the gtx 10 series.This thing would be a home run had it shipped with a proper AC adapter. It has a super fast NVMe m.2 samsung drive and extra storage with a decent 7200rpm HDD. G-sync panel and a gtx1070 graphics card all in a light form factor!I really wanted to like this laptop but it has one glaring problem if you are a heavy gamer... Pretty much all other gtx1070 laptops come with a 230W adapter but this one ships with a 180W which doesn't provide enough juice during heavy gaming sessions causing the NON-REMOVABLE battery to drain while it's plugged in! Once it hits about 90% battery it starts to charge again causing the graphics card to hit the power limit and starts to throttle clock speeds. Frame rates drop by almost HALF! Started researching and found I am not alone with this issue. Asus released a bios update but this only caused the gtx 1070 to not hit as high of boost clocks but I still received battery draw while plugged into the wall. My biggest concern is the amount of wear and tear from the battery dropping to 90% and then charging back up to 100% multiple times during gaming sessions multiplied by a year or two. The battery is certainly going to die prematurely and you can't even remove it without taking the bottom cover off removing screws holding it in place and disconnecting the battery from a motherboard header. I paid a lot of money for this thing and I am not willing to deal with these headaches!I replaced this with a new MSi gt72vr dominator pro with kaby lake and haven't looked back. I know I lost a bit on portability but I am getting much better FPS in every title and the 120Hz G-sync panel destorys the Asus!! And the biggest pro is NO MORE BATTERY DRAW WHILE PLUGGED INTO THE WALL!