I was a little hesitant with buying this as there had seemed to be a large amount of people starting to give this laptop low scores but honestly this was a pretty great buy. I've used this laptop for a week and feel like I know enough to write a review about it.Looks:The aesthetic of course is aiming towards gamers so a lot of red lights and black accents are here. Luckily you can turn the keyboard lights off but the front light does not turn off. So if you are looking for a gaming laptop that you can use professionally you may want to look towards other laptops if you care about how it looks.Build:The build is a mixture of metal and plastic but overall feels very sturdy. The bottom of the keyboard area has very little give so typing feels nice and doesn't feel cheap. I don't feel like I need to be overly gentle with it when I am traveling to class. With it being relatively thin for a gaming laptop it's nice to have it be fairly sturdy.Keyboard:The keyboard has a red backlight and can have the brightness adjusted. I'm not an expert on keyboards but it feels pretty nice they have a nice travel distance and feels alright to type on. They sort of shoved a number pad onto the right which makes the overall setup a little squished. Also when removing bloatware do not remove the ATK Package as you will lose control of the keyboard.Trackpad:I have been seeing a lot of people trashing on the trackpad maybe it's because I'm not an expert but it honestly feels alright.Ports:The only gripe I have is that the laptop only comes with 3 USB ports despite them getting rid of the disk drive. With my Cloud Pro and mouse I only have one USB left I would have liked if they added just a few more even if they were 2.0. But it does come with USB C with Thunderbolt and HDMI and Mini-Displayport and an SD card reader which is nice.Display:Honestly this is the main selling point for this laptop as no other laptop in this price range has a G-Sync monitor. Mixed with the IPS tech gaming on it is incredibly great. Accurate colors no input lag it's all you could wish for. It does have one drawback though which i will address in another part.Performance:With the GTX 1060 you can pretty much play any game you want on ultra settings. The performance of this machine is on the level of desktops and its fantastic. The extra RAM also helps with multi-tasking and what-not. I did not get the one with the SSD as it will be cheaper to add one later but it's nice to find a laptop with a 7200rpm HDD which is still just fine.Temps:Honestly it varies some games both the CPU and GPU stay within the mid and high 70s in others like Battlefield 1 the CPU seems to constantly hover around the high 90s and even reaching 100 *C and the GPU in the mid 80s. They could be better but for being fairly small and lightweight it was what I was expecting. I played BF1 for a few hours with the CPU around 98 *C and the performance didn't tank nor did the laptop shut off. Also despite the area above the keyboard being very hot the general keyboard area stays very cool.Battery:I gotta say I wasn't expecting much in terms of battery life in a gaming laptop but even this was kinda disappointing. I can only ever get around 2 hours of battery life. Yes I know there is a GTX 1060 so of course there is a lot of power needed. It also doesn't help that with the G-Sync panel the laptop can't switch to the Intel graphics to save battery. So if you have a long lab for college make sure to bring your cable.Even with the battery and temp shortcomings I still really like this laptop its fast its light and is packed with features.