I bought my Canon 7D in “Just Like New Condition” for the sole purpose of installing the free Magic Lantern firmware hack to be able to shoot RAW and MLV (RAW 2.0) video and to take advantage of most of the features it offers like the ETTR tool (Exposing To The Right) sound meters etc… in other words converting my DSLR into a baby digital cinema camera that comes close to competing with a Black Magic Pocket Cinema Camera that also shoots RAW video but is usually double the cost.The main difference between the BMPCC and the 7D (shooting RAW) is 13 stops of dynamic range versus the 7D’s 11.8 stops. 13 stops for the BMPCC is very impressive for a camera this price but if you learn to light correctly (especially using the ETTR tool) 11.8 stops is nothing to sneeze at either… again about half the cost.Out of all the Canon DSLR models only three cameras can really take almost full advantage of Magic Lantern’s firmware hack features (which is free) the 5DIII 5DII and 7D specifically the ability to shoot RAW & MLV video until the CF card is full. The other Canon models like the T5i/700D can only shoot RAW/MLV video for about 10-15 seconds and not come close to max resolution because of the limits on the memory buffer. The 5DIII costs about four times the price of a 7D and about 2-3 times a 5dII. As far as I can tell the 7D is essentially the 5D version but with a smaller APS-C sensor and the 5D series is highly respected among professionals.As mentioned the 7D does not have a full-frame sensor but it’s APS-C sensor is about the size of cinematic Super-35 sensor! Also the smaller the sensor your camera has the harder it is to find lenses made specifically for it especially prime wide-angle lenses. But Canon just came out with the Canon EF-S 24mm f2.8 wide-angle prime lens that you can find in ‘Just Like New’ condition for $120 here on Amazon! On average you’d be lucky to find one wide-angle prime lens that costs less than $300 with decent f-stop of at least 2.8 (decent boke i.e. blurry background) for even smaller sensor cameras like micro 4:3’s it becomes even harder to find at a decent price.You can still use full-frame lenses on the 7D like the very awesome ef-50mm f1.8 prime lens that costs like $115 “Just Like New” and gives you good boke! But the EF 50mm is made for the full-frame sensor and because of the 7D’s smaller sensor it crops the image and so it makes it behaves more like a 80mm lens… which basically means your going to have to back away farther from your subject matter to fit them in your frame. The EF-S 24mm and EF-50mm (80mm on APS-C) prime lenses are great basic prime lenses to start off with and will probably use 90% of the time and you can purchase both for less than $240! Good luck finding anything that resembles this lens combo for this price. Heck good luck finding one prime lens for another camera model for the same price of two lenses!The biggest concern I had with using Magic Lantern to shoot MLV (RAW 2.0) video was that my 7D would over heat because I was shooting RAW video. Not to worry I shot a short film for a week straight during one of the hottest parts of the summer in San Jose CA with an average temperature of 85 degrees with the windows and doors closed inside a house (sound recording purposes) and even though my actors and I where sweating buckets my camera never had any heating issues and I might have had to re-started it a couple of times but it always bounced back. The only issue I did encounter is that about every 20th shot came out with a green tint but it was so rare when it happened that it almost not worth mentioning but I like to be honest. And that issue has not come back since writing this review and I have shot more since then.I won’t kid you the learning curve for Magic Lantern is steep but not impossible and their website is chockfull of forum help.Cons:It only has 11.8 stops of dynamic range in era where Nikon and Sony DSLR’s are producing about 14 stops.No flip screen.