I've held off buying a digital camera getting by with a simple point and shoot and a cell phone. The last time I took a serious look at digital cameras there were two main kinds--point and shoots and DSLR. The point and shoot was "okay" for snapshots. The DSLR was the one you'd get for image quality and control over all the elements of photography (thinking back to film camera days.../old).The point and shoots were functional pocketable and simple. The DSLRs were sophisticated complicated and heavy (lenses...you would want to have lenses....)  Oh and DSLRs were really pricey especially getting the lenses (the kits? Not such a good idea). I bought a point and shoot and always felt ..."eh..." about it. Not very exciting if you want to pursue photography as a hobby (as I used to do with my old 35mm Canon A-1 which I loved).So imagine my surprise looking around here a month ago and finding there has been a sea change in the digital camera world. Not only have the prices gone down for everything--what an array of choices there are now in all categories!--but the technology the capabilities of even so-called point and shoot cameras is now pretty amazing. And you get so much "still camera" PLUS video too.So...I narrowed down my choices and tried to decide: "Canon T3i...or Canon s100?" Two different concepts both very versatile but one easy to slip in a pocket or purse the other...feeling more like what I still think of as a "real" camera--interchangeable lenses hot shoe for the flash RAW and...with video..a nice capability to have an external mike.While I was thinking I went over to [...] (Canon Talk) forum where they were discussing the same thing: What to get?And I saw images from the SX40 (which I'd never heard of --and just came out 2 months ago so no reviews yet). Fantastic! And the zoom! 24mm so nice and wide. 840mm at the telephoto...amazing!  All compact and lightweight for what you got. A new genre called a "superzoom" or "bridge" camera coming between the point and shoot and the DSLRs. And actually costing LESS than the s100!!!After deliberating for a month between the s100 (which I'd ordered but wasn't in yet) and the T3i I had found "my" camera. In less than 24 hours of finding it I ordered.  And really it was love at first sight.There is so much that's great about this camera and Canon lays it all out well on this page. You get the idea--as much (or as little) creative control as you want. If you don't like to fiddle with controls just put it on "P" and you'll get great pix without doing anything except "point and shoot" (well and focus and stay still). But if you like to "grow" with a camera it has a menu button that is easy to scroll through settings that are easy to use a mode dial right on the back that makes everything easy to find a "record" button for video that is colored red so you can't miss it...couldn't be easier...or more fun!The only other things you might want to know are: it has a hot shoe but doesn't shoot RAW (which I don't care about but people who are heavily into post-processing are). There's no way to attach an external mike of your own but the internal mike has two different settings and a wind filter--so better that most sound-wise. I put a 67mm lens adapter on to prevent vignetting and added a clear filter to protect the lens that and a good memory card and a case and....good to go! I can't recommend this enough--it is a really fun camera (oh and has macro as well) and using a long zoom like that is just really exciting if you like photography at all. (Check out the pics of the moon at dpreview. Amazing).  Highly recommended.