I bought this camera a month ago and I've passed the 2000 picture mark so I guess I'll jump in and provide a review. I upgraded from the Canon PowerShot SX10 IS to this one and I've been thrilled with some of the new features and less than thrilled with others.The quick verdict:This is a great camera for anyone who wants lots of features and versatility but doesn't want to use manual settings and doesn't travel a lot.Pros: great zoom range nice picture and video quality improved low light performanceCons: ISO locked to 100 with >1 second exposures proprietary Li-ion batteryHandling:The camera is a bit bulky as you would expect from a camera with a 35x zoom lens but I quickly got the hang of handling it. I tend to accidentally hit the zoom framing assist button when shooting. It seems to be right where my thumb wants to be when holding the camera especially when switching between landscape and portrait orientation. I had similar issues with the SX10. I'm not sure I like the memory card being slotted in with the battery on the bottom of the camera. Access to the battery/card slot is blocked when attaching the camera to a tripod quick release plate.Zoom capabilities:The zoom range is a nice feature. The size of the full moon is about 1/5th along the long side of the image at full optical zoom and close to 850 pixels across. On a clear night you can get some nice detail. Clipping the Raynox DCR-250 macro conversion lens on at full zoom and using a light box for trans-illumination I was also able to take pictures of microscope slides at 125x total magnification on a 150 dpi test print. They look better than the images I took with a scope and CCD camera at the lab. Very nice!Image quality and low light performance:The image quality under low light and high ISO conditions has improved compared to the SX10. I took some images of kittens at the shelter in rooms that were poorly lit. With the SX10 I would end up with a lot of motion blur and noise on high ISO (800) images. Comparable images look better with the SX40 but some processing artifacts are visible when looking at the full size of the high ISO (1600) images. The camera ultimately was not able to stop the motion of kittens at play without the use of flash though but I was expecting that under the poor light conditions.External flash:Speaking of flash the camera works well with the SpeedLite 270EX flash. The hot shoe can be covered with a plastic cap for protection when not in use. It took me a few tries to figure out the best way to take the cap off but with a closer look at the design once you get it off it becomes obvious. Having long enough fingernails to get under and lift the front of the cap makes it easier.Filters and lens accessories:The lens can be fitted with the same 58 mm Lensmate filter adapter as the SX10. Thin filters will work fine at all zoom settings but thicker filters like a circular polarizer or stacking several filters will cause vignetting at wide angle. A little bit of zoom or a 67 mm filter adapter may help avoid the vignetting issue. The lens cap that comes with the camera will no longer fit once you put the filter adapter on. And speaking of the lens cap - Canon put a tether on it so it can be attached to the camera thus reducing the risk of losing it compared to the non-tethered cap of the SX10. While that is a plus the SX40 does not come with a lens hood like the SX10 did. That would need to be purchased separately.Settings:One thing I miss on the SX40 is the "sunset" preset under the SCN options that the SX10 offered. Out of all the SCN options on the SX10 that one probably saw the most use when I wasn't in M or Av mode so I'll have to figure out an equivalent setting on the SX40. The snow beach and foliage settings are all still there so why did the sunset disappear? The new settings such as miniature seem intriguing but I haven't really gotten into exploring that yet.Overall the camera has a lot of good features. So why would I give it only three stars? There are at least two things that I would consider design flaws.Battery:Let's start with the battery. This is a so-so issue some good news and some bad news. The good news is the battery weighs less than the SX10's AA batteries lasts longer (for about 1000 pictures) and fully recharges in under 2 hours while I often have to let the AAs recharge over night. The bad news is it is much more expensive to get a spare and inconvenient for travel. With the SX10 I could fly overseas and use my mom's batteries and charger in Germany in case I forgot to bring mine. If needed I could rely on AA batteries being available at a souvenir shop or gas station. With the proprietary battery pack if I forget to take the charger and 220V adapter with me or don't have anywhere to plug it in the camera is dead once its battery pack runs out of power. You can't just buy a spare one at a gas station. If you have a spare battery pack in your possession you have to package it according to TSA safety restrictions on Lithium batteries if you take it on an airplane. So there's a lot more to consider when traveling with this camera. If Canon offered the same camera with the option of using AA batteries I would probably opt for that instead of the battery pack just for the sake of convenience when traveling."Manual" mode limitations:The bigger issue though is that the camera does not have a fully manual mode. Sure there is the M mode setting but it has limitations. I noticed it when I took some night shots and the camera changed my ISO setting from 400 to 100 as I increased exposure time in M mode. When I tried to reset the ISO it told me "ISO speed is limited due to slow shutter speed." The camera manual explains under Tv mode that when shutter speeds of 1.3 seconds or slower are used the ISO speed is fixed to ISO 100. However there is no warning about it on the page detailing M mode and I did not expect to find any limits in manual setting as it wouldn't really be manual then.I emailed Canon support about it and they clearly did not get what I was asking about so I called phone support. The guy I talked to was clearly not expecting this limitation either and at first told me I probably had a faulty camera and should send it in. However he was then able to reproduce the effect on his camera much to his own surprise. He had to check with someone and finally came back with the information that the limitation is built into the firmware by design to "prevent overexposure and hot pixels on the sensor." No plans to upgrade the firmware to change that. He recommended cranking up the ISO to 3200 at 1 second exposure. That's not really what I wanted to do though. It's a bit of a joke really or even insulting to any photographer who knows what they're doing in M mode.It is possible to get around this limitation using a CHDK hack. However at this time there is only a buggy alpha version of CHDK available for the SX40. I gave it a try and while the ISO override worked it wasn't the ISO I had set it for. E.g. setting the override at ISO 400 gave me pictures with ISO 640 and setting it for ISO 800 gave me ISO 1250. Regardless of the option of using CHDK this limitation is like putting a child lock on M mode and it's a farce to call the resulting feature "manual mode." So that is my main disappointment with this camera so far.Instructions:Last but not least I was also disappointed that Canon does not provide a printed manual with the camera. All you get is a PDF on the accompanying CD. It is set to print in postcard size which results in a lot of white space and waste of paper when printing it. The resulting binder weighs more than a pound in paper weight. Neither the PDF nor the print out are useful as a reference in the field at least not for me. The tech support person I talked to quickly promised to get a printed manual sent to me at no charge when I mentioned it though so a phone call might be all it takes to get one. I haven't received it yet but when I do I shall report what it looks like.The verdict:Overall the SX40 is a nice camera with some great features but unfortunately it is prevented from performing to its full potential by restrictions that Canon designed into the firmware. Canon's "design" of locking ISO settings in manual mode is almost an insult to more advanced hobby photographers and it is clearly misleading to still call it "manual" if the camera is allowed to override the photographer's choices in settings. I don't think any other camera model in this quality and price class does that. However those who do not use M mode routinely will probably hardly notice this limitation.