Really impressed so far. I had an SLR years ago in film days and very much enjoyed using it. It was broken and for years I simply used point & shoots eventually moving into digital with an HP 1.5 mp. I moved up through point & shoots and started getting back to the context of framing a picture and the art of photography--especially once I started hiking in our beautiful area mountains a few years ago.I had a 4 mp Kodak at the time great little camera by the way that taught me the value of good glass-I still have it but found I wanted to move up to newer and better technology. So after considerable research  I purchased my Nikon L120. Very satisified and great pictures but I found in the last several months I wanted the versatility options and creativity a dSLR would offer. Yeah Now there's an expense right? And here was someone who knew not much about them having forgotten what she knew in the manual film days. I have friends who will lay their lives on their Canon's and not as many who would for their Nikons (and possibly might offer their Canon friends as sacrifices too) )-not that they aren't loyal to and love their Nikon there's just fewer of them. From earlier research I liked the image quality of Nikons just a bit better but still when you're spending a chunk of cash and if you're like me and are far far from the top 3% you want to make sure you're getting a good product and a reasonably user friendly one for your money.So after considerable research comparisons (to Canon) scrutinizing images for Canon & Nikons D3200 D5100 D5200 D5300 albeit not many with the 5300 since it was relatively new and reading reviews here on Amazon (one of the best resources in my opinion and '7's is a wonderful string with loads of interaction and advice) I started leaning towards the D5300 opposed to the other models and finally due the reviews and 7's advice I plunged and bought the D5300 with the 18-55 mm lens--the red one of course.I love it! I was a little frustrated at first with all the menus's and options. It seemed overwhelming but refer to the manual buy a book to supplement ( I ended up buying 2) come here and read and just play with it. As you start experimenting with it and changing settings and modes it gets less confusing and not as complicated as it felt at first. And it has auto modes so it's not like you can't get great shots from the start while you learn.One of the things I found is change your picture quality to fine it will bring an incredible realistic feel to your photo's. Images of my cat a tortoise shell are fantastic capturing the depth clarity and colors in her eyes and the contrasts in her fur giving a very living feel to the picture--not to mention the disdainful look she's giving the dog is very clear. Photo's I took of my neighbor picked up the green flecks in his blue eyes the lines whiskers and age spots in his skin making them look very lifelike. Captured him exactly and with a sharper depth than normally in a photo.Some have noted difficulty with action shots. I haven't done much but shots of my granddaughters jumping & goofing around captured them in mid air and did a nice job freezing the action. I also snapped some shots of my dog and his fur friends running outside and captured hair and ears flying as they ran in different modes--Sport and pet and I'm pretty sure some were in auto. I'm excited to take it out this summer to sporting and action events and see what I can get. I'm optimistic--if it can capture a flying shaggy Shih-tzu it's looking positive.I've noticed the single focus setting on auto doesn't stay put if you change modes and back but as far as skewing the image I'm not really seeing anything discernible or problematic. If you're taking a picture of a moving object you won't want it fixed anyway. To me the wandering (and by that I mean it isn't fixed to a central single spot not that it's randomly floating around) focus point is a little distracting when not fixed to a single point but that's just me being over aware of it at the moment I'm focusing on not focusing on it. Not a dealbreaker.I'm picky about image quality and I'm very satisfied with what I've gotten As I become more familiar with various settings I'm very much enjoying playing with it and look forward to learning more about a DSLR and what you can do with it.  This is a perfect camera for it and I absolutely recommend it to anyone stepping up to the dSLR universe.