To begin with I found this camera to be not very user friendly. Many times when I click down the shutter it refuses to take the picture and also very frequently it refuses to start live view which is required to take video and displays "unable to start live view" error message without giving me any reason why which doesn't help me fix the problem. Understandably this got me very frustrated. When I googled this "unable to start live view" message it basically gave me the options of resetting everything to factory default or it was because it was overheating. If it is overheating in only 57 degrees F after 2 minutes of use then that is a pathetic battery.  I went whale watching yesterday in Newport beach on a nice mostly sunny day and the pictures of it were appalling horrible. Out of the hundreds of photos I took there were only about 6 that were somewhat clear and there was about 7 that were very over exposed and the rest were somewhat blurry (of the whales when I zoomed in to them). All were taken in auto mode. To cut nikon some slack I (the photographer) and the whale (the subject) were both moving so it was in difficult conditions. To contrast my mom (standing right next to me in the exact same conditions) took pictures with my 2010 (much older) Canon SX20IS and got the same quality of shots with only half the megapixels (12MP). That is a huge red flag for me. Photos in shade in a canyon another time also turned out over exposed in auto mode.The reason why I don't give this a 1 star is because when I took indoor shots and outdoor shots of canyons (where the subject and I both weren't moving at all) it took impressive photos. It behaves pretty well in low light. To be fair the 60 fps video is also pretty good. In other words I've found this camera to be good for things that are not wildlife. Another contributing factor was my whale photos were on a 200 mm lens instead of a 500mm so I think they would have turned out better with a 500mm. I might update and change this review in the future especially if I am at fault and doing something wrong.