I just returned from a Rhine River Cruise and am ready to comment on the 70D. I've been a dedicated amateur for over 40 years and have been shooting with a 5DIII for the past two. I was intrigued with the real time auto focus and thought the 70D could replace my camcorder while traveling and maybe even the 5DIII. However I took both bodies and three lenses the 16-35 L IS 24-105 L IS and the 70-300 L IS. If you want a very technical review I would suggest; http://www.the-digital-picture.com/Reviews/. This is a great site for honest reviews.So here goes. Before leaving for Europe we took the grandkids to a fair with lots of rides. It was a sunny day with tons of light. The realtime auto focus worked perfectly. The video blew away my Canon XA10 but since the cam isn 't shooting through "L" glass that makes sense. I used the 24-105 L IS which became a 38-168 on the 70D. That's a great range for video. The lens focused quickly but quietly. The 16-35 L IS focuses faster but is very noisy making it a not great choice for video. The 70-300L IS is OK slightly noisy. In Europe I started out carrying both bodies the 5DIII with the 16-35 and the 70D with the 24-105. Great for quick shots without having to change lenses. The 16-35 was especially useful in those narrow streets with great architecture. On the 5DIII it's truly 16mm. On the 70D you would need a 10mm lens and they get very pricey. Comparing image quality isn't very fair since there's a big difference between the camera's in size and cost. The 70D's image is very good and if you weren't doing a direct comparison is more than acceptable. However the images on the 5DIII just "pop" even in Raw without tweaking. The color saturation especially the sky looks like there's a polarizer on. The 70D's are almost as good after some computer processing. All in all very impressive for that level of camera. Video was a mixed bag. In bright sunlight; awesome. In a "lounge" setting with low light some focus hunting and lots of grain. The superior ISO of the 5DIII really shows up here; but then it doesn't real time focus. A 5D with realtime auto focus would be the ticket!Bottom line: This is an incredible value. Unless you're a camera geek like me it will do just about everything you could want in a relatively compact inexpensive package. Stick on some "L" glass and you've got a winner.