For full context I run a small video production company and we now primarily shoot on the Canon 70D. While I do use the photo functionality of the 70D every once in a while I use these primarily for video so that's what my review will be focused on.I've shot with a Canon 70D for a little over a year now. About 6 months after buying my first 70D I bought a second one. My 70Ds have essentially replaced my two previous cameras each from the lower-level Canon Rebel line (a T2i and a T3i). When switching over from a Rebel to the 70D I noticed an immediate difference in picture quality. While the 70D and Rebels shoot at the same resolution the 70D offers a number of different codecs to shoot in which can greatly affect your video quality.The biggest advantage of the 70D over the Rebels is the autofocus. I'd owned the T2i and T3i for the better part of 5 years before switching to the 70D and had never used autofocus while recording on the Rebels (it was atrocious). I was used to focusing by hand which is fine and dandy for most shots (usually when locked down on a tripod) but can make others (handheld slider dolly) incredibly difficult to maintain focus. The 70D changed that. I started using the autofocus on a couple L lenses whenever I was shooting which helped guarantee I'd never end up with a shot out of focus. This was especially helpful when shooting on a jib since I couldn't keep my hands around the focus ring when the camera is kept 8 feet away. Being able to trust the tracking/autofocus has made my life a lot easier as a camera operator. Whenever I'm using a lens without AF (like a cine lens) I really do find myself missing the autofocus of the other lenses.I don't plan on upgrading from a 70D to a 5D IV anytime soon for two reasons - first obviously the 5D IV is far more expensive than the 70D (it currently costs about 250% more than the 70D) but the bigger reason that I'm not planning on upgrading is the fact that the 70D (as well as any Rebel post-T3i) has an articulating screen and the 5D IV does not. I use the screen on the 70D too much to settle for one that's permanently inset into the back of my camera. And while yes an external HDMI monitor can essentially fix this I do enough run-and-gun shooting that I don't often want to deal with bringing along a monitor setting it up keeping its batteries charged etc. Yet I do need to be able to see my shot even when my camera's backed up against a wall or set up high enough to shoot over a crowd which is when the articulating screen really comes in handy.