I am amazed at this little bundle. If you are new and want a nice inexpensive DSLR but are drowning/hesitating among all the options and prices don't. Just buy this you will not regret it. I picked up this refurb kit a month ago for $365 and I did a double take because I couldn't believe everything I was getting. I personally shoot with my trusty old D90 still but this was for a specific project that needed a dedicated camera. I have to admit that this shoots way more reliably than my D90. It's focus is incredibly fast and the metering is Nikon perfect. It's amazing what half a decade in technology leads to both in quality and in price.This D3200 bundle is the ideal camera for someone who is looking to step up from point-and-shoot cameras and phone snapshots and get started with digital photography. It is pretty full-featured and has amazing picture quality for a fraction of the cost of the more expensive models. Basically this is a way to get into the hobby or dramatically improve the quality of your pictures without breaking the bank. I couldn't even tell that it was refurbished. It looked brand new to me. Not a scratch or a nick anywhere and the LCD was bright and crystal clear. With this you can produce stunning photos (and videos) without being reduced to tears if you drop it on accident or be too afraid to hand it to a friend/relative to take a picture for you. As is often said having the best (read: most expensive) camera in the world is useless if you're too afraid to take it outside and take pictures.The lens on this is a perfect first lens. It's 18-55mm which means it's a zoom lens (you spin a ring on the lens to select the region you are capturing zooming in one way and zooming out the other). It's sharp fast and handles low light decently. I'd of course recommend the spectacular fixed 35mm for its tack sharpness and to shine in low-light as well as the 55-200mm to give you some telephoto (serious distance zoom) coverage but these lenses each cost half the price of this camera kit! You can see how photography can become a very expensive hobby very quickly. I'd hold off on those as a first purchase and wait to see how things go.But this is why this kit in particular is a great starter package. You get an entry level but still very solid camera body and a decent zoom lens. Don't let the term "entry level" make you feel cheap this is still a Nikon camera with a legitimate Nikkor lens. It is categorically different and more capable than any point and shoot or pinhole phone camera. Period. End of discussion. If you find that you want/need more Nikon will be more than happy to sell you more lenses or step up to a more expensive camera body later. For the first step though this is ideal.I should note that in addition to taking ridiculously high quality photos this also does quite well with video. It can do 1080p video at up to 30 fps or 720p at 60 fps. I'd have loved to have seen 1080p at 60fps but you don't get that unless you go to the D3300 or D5300 which cost tons more than this D3200 kit. That's just not worth the extra cost.In practice I've been amazed. Even under terrible lighting conditions (e.g. indoor low light under coiled fluorescent lights with completely mismatched color temperatures and an LCD as an intended capture target) I can get remarkable photo and video quality with perfect color reproduction. Nikon's white balance settings do sheer magic where even a prosumer camcorder just fails miserably (I'm looking at you Sony). Sure some of the knobs and dials are tucked away in menus and not as easily accessible as on the more pro-level cameras but for the price I'll deal with fiddling with the menus on the few times that I need them (honestly my D90 was overwhelming for months when I first got it). For the vast majority of the time I just set it to program or manual mode and fire away. It's beautiful.