After being a professional wedding photographer for over 23 years. (retired now)  Using a heavy 35 mm manual camera and miles of film.... This Nikon D3200 was my first choice for a digital SLR updated camera.  Being fairly  new to "digital" SLR. I caught on to the instructions  pretty fast since it's almost the same as it used to be on my old camera.  The concept and rules of photography didn't change....  I found that using this camera was pretty easy after going through the instruction book plus trial and error just taking photos with the camera.  This camera has all the features that I would use.... even has a photo editor in the menu... color enhancer crop red eye corrector  change photo to black and white even has a star filter add in... warming or cooling effect  lots of added stuff.. I used to do in the darkroom with color prints manually.This camera comes with a lens 18 to 55 mm witch to me is a great small zoom lens but it  wouldn't be my prime lens.  I would use a straight  35 mm for all around use can use the lens in much lower light without a flash  and the 18 to 55 mm for other things like family gatherings where you don't have to step around to get your shot  just zoom in or out to make the frame fit the subject being photographed.The camera has a pop up flash witch is real handy and easy to use good for about ten to twelve feet.  Notice the flash is slightly higher then the lens.  You are more then likely going to get red eye pretty easy if the subject looks at the camera lens while being photographed ... The fix is having a TTL. external dedicated  flash on the hot shoe that bounces off the ceiling ....much better results.My research  home work paid off  I believe ..... I was looking at the D3300  newer camera model  and the specs. didn't change much but the price went up for the newer model... so I saved about sixty bucks buying the older model camera.  The D3200 started new add on's after the D3100  like one I noticed  would be the wireless controller remote shutter  ML-L3Buying the VR lens was worth the extra money.  They do sell this without the VR lens.... for less $.  You need V R on your lens  when you use any kind of zoom lens..... Keeps the vibration down for less blurring on slower shutter speeds or fast moving objects.  VR = Vibration ReducerOverall This Nikon D3200 was my First choice for an all around SLR camera.....  Once you get your SLR camera in your hands your pretty much will be commented to it.  Then it starts to be a collection of "products to fit"  and add on to the camera.  Since you can do so much more being creative photography with this camera over a point and shoot camera.  I gave this 5 Stars.