I gave this camera to my girlfriend as an anniversary gift.  I've never owned a DSLR camera before - heck my only camera for the past decade has been a cell phone.  She had dabbled in SLR film photography prior to this though and had a much better idea of what she was doing.My first impression of this camera was more or less "wow... I can actually take pictures in low light without a flash."  The ability to actually capture what one sees naturally is a pretty huge deal.  This may seem pretty stupid to more experienced photographers but it was a brave new world to me.The instructions which come with the camera are very clear and seem definitely written for someone who has never played with a "real" camera before.  There is not only a good explanation of the mechanical features of the camera (ie which buttons do what) but also contain a decent crash course on manual photography.  They explain the basics -  aperture shutter speed ISO and how each of the different settings configure these settings to produce a different quality of image.  Starting with zero background information I was able to develop a decent intuition based on these descriptions and some trial and error (ie - just taking a lot of pictures).  Coming from a film background my girlfriend had the same reaction - "It's nice to just be able to practice with the camera get instant feedback and not have to worry about film."One of the complaints I've seen about this camera compared to the slightly more expensive models is that the single thumb wheel is limiting and slows down the photography workflow.  I sort of disagree - at least for a beginner.  First of all the camera has a number of well placed modifier buttons - so if you set the camera to "manual aperture" mode the thumb wheel will control the aperture by default and use the magic of DSP to set the shutter speed exposure compensation and ISO.  However if you need to override one of those settings all you need to do is press the correct modifier button and the thumb wheel will then control the corresponding setting until the modifier button is released.  It works the same way in full manual mode except then it then turns off all the automatic compensation features as well.  I sort of like this mechanic as each partial-manual mode provides a single dimension of control (for simplicity) but still allows the user to easily and quickly override the other settings if necessary without turning the mode dial to a different position.  I think it is a great mechanic for beginners since it provides a clear and easy to understand distinction between the various shooting modes while still providing quick access to the rest of the settings.  In that sense I don't see it as a limitation as much as I see it as a somewhat simpler way to learn the camera while also learning the finer points of photography.  However if you are already an expert and understand the ins and outs of the Nikon hardware and software then I could see it being a bit frustrating.  I haven't had to play around inside the menus to control basic settings at all though as some have suggested in other reviews.In terms of build quality what more can I say which has not already been covered?  You definitely are not sacrificing mechanical or ergonomic quality when buying this camera over some of the more expensive ones.  It feels solid but light in the hand.  All the buttons have a nice firm satisfying snappiness to them with no softness or ambiguity and they are all placed in a way which makes sense.  The action on the lenses feels like butter and even though they are plastic - they feel sturdy and high quality.  From what I understand one's ability to shoot at low shutter speeds and small aperture is directly related to one's ability to balance and control the weight of the entire kit so the attention to weight reduction which Nikon has put into this body and the lenses should directly translate to better pictures.  Even the Nikon branded bag which comes with the bundle demonstrates an incredible attention to detail as the interior is completely modular through clever use of velcro dividers which allows the user to easily move and re-size the various compartments.The photographs themselves are stunning.  It's really difficult to put the experience into words.  Just the ability to reliably capture and record what one sees opens a whole world of possibilities in terms of shooting.  It is liberating in a way.  Even if your goal is not to have your photographs published in National Geographic and you just want to document your vacation for posterity being able to do so simply and reliably makes casual photography much more enjoyable.In conclusion - this is a great camera for a beginner and has a ton of room to grow with the user.  Sure there are better sensors out there and more feature-rich cameras but for someone who's primary interest is to learn the basics take fantastic pictures and develop the hobby beyond what is possible with a point-and-shoot camera it really seems like this would be difficult to beat in terms of price quality and performance.