Hello I have been a photographer for 50+ years working with a lot of different subjects and gear on and off as a part-time pro. Today I mostly shoot landscapes cityscapes flowers birds (a little) and do fine art studies and some tabletop in my home little studio. I make my own prints with a 17" inkjet photo printer. I mainly work in Raw + jpeg Av mode the lowest possible ISO setting +- 1f/stop bracketing AF-S. When shooting dynamic subjects (i.e.: birds) I use the TAv mode max ISO3200. I prefer framing with the pentaprism but use the articulated LCD monitor for high/low angle shooting. I don't do video with my cameras. The K70 is my 4th Pentax APS-C model. I received it a week ago and tested it with the following personal conclusions.Summary of the Pentax K70 key features: a very compact (for its class) and solid weatherized body with external controls for all common camera settings; a new 24Mp (Sony?) sensor with phase detection AF; 1/6000sec max shutter speed; max ISO102400; 14bit color depth; class leading pentaprism; fully articulated LCD monitor; state of the art in-camera IS; a feature set way above its price with some unique capabilities (such as pixel shift high res).Body: The K70 is a small camera that is a pleasure to hold. It fits well in my medium-size male hands and feels reassuringly solid. The outside controls are well placed and let me quickly access all my major camera settings (aperture compensation ISO drive and test pic). Weatherization is a must for me since I like to shoot in all weather conditions. To the best of my knowledge the body is polycarbonate on a metal chassis but Pentax and weatherization ensure that it is built with good materials and tight tolerances.Viewing: The large pentaprism is of superior quality. Up to certain distance I can see the subject coming into focus. The LCD monitor is bright and clear and its full articulation let me work even when my eye cannot reach the pentaprism (I often shoot plants and some landscapes close to the ground). I like that I am able to close it against the body when not using it.Sensor: 24Mp is more than enough for me (I get excellent 24x36" prints out of my 16Mp Olympus M43 OMD cameras). The high res pixel shift mode does enhance resolution and color accuracy and reduces noise. I used it in my studio and with outdoor semi-static subjects where I could combine it with a single shot to replace moving parts showing artifacts. Its new Motion Correction function saves processing time with some dynamic subjects. Since I shoot Raw and process in the Photoshop's 16bit Pro Photo color space the camera 14bit color depth is very appreciated. Saving Raw in the dng format simplifies storage.Exposure: I find it to be quite reliable in most conditions (and exposure bracketing takes care of most of the exceptions). While I like to set it myself by consulting the histogram (test pic) and applying the corrections I want when there is no time for fussing around it's good to be able to trust the camera. The K70 max shutter speed is a fast 1/6000sec typical of more expensive cameras. There are Auto PASM Sv (Sensitivity/ISO priority) TAv (Shutter and Aperture priority) HDR and other 13 custom modes and 9 digital filters too. The Interval Timer Multiple Exposure and especially (for me) Interval Composite (bright) modes are particularly interesting and deserve further exploration (google them). Int Comp Bright shoots a number of pics and combines them into one using the brightest pixels available (fireworks anyone?).AF: New to Pentax the K70 has on-chip phase-detect autofocus pixels for a hybrid AF system that should speed up AF in Live View and video. In its review of the camera photographyblog states that AF in LV is now significantly faster. AF-S my main mode is very fast and accurate. I am not a good judge of AF-C and tracking because my action photography is limited. I have fun and good success shooting shore birds and the guests at my feeders in AF-S and AF-C (depending on the action). Nevertheless I would like to point out that the effectiveness of a camera AF also depends on technique. Like many pros I always use center spot focusing and recomposing. The center AF sensor is the most sensitive and I always know exactly where my focus plane is. In dark conditions I focus on an area on the plane of the subject that has contrast and/or detail and recompose. I can do this very quickly. With moving subjects being able to anticipate the action helps a lot. For example an osprey carrying fish or sticks for a new nest tends to approach (at least for a while) from the same direction and hover above the nest for a couple of seconds. One can get some great pics by being aware of this positioning him/herself for the proper angle and light direction and pre-focusing (the camera 6 fps continuous shooting is respectable). Also to be remembered is that IS compensates for camera shake but not for subject motion for which one has to use the proper shutter speed. For all these reasons the K70 "only" 11 focusing points are not an issue to me. When working in the studio in Live View the ability to move the spot focus point around is great. I often use focus bracketing (and stacking in Photoshop). The combination of a good macro lens high res and focus staking gives amazing results approaching higher pixel count FF cameras levels (remember that IS has to be off when working on a tripod). BTW the new cable release is very welcome together with the AC adapter.IS: The in-camera 4.5f/stop image stabilization is top of the line and also allows for pixel shift high res and AA filter simulation. Together with the camera low noise at high ISO it lets me work without a tripod in most conditions something that with age I have come to love.My default button and dial settings: mode dial: "Av" (TAv if action); front dial: "F/stop"; rear dial: "ISO"; Fx1: "test pic"; Fx2: "choose spot AF point" in LV; AF AE-L: "lock exposure".Conclusion: In action I find the K70 to be very comfortable and fun to use. It is highly competent (it does a lot of things quickly and with no fuss) with a combination of IQ construction quality ergonomics feature set and price that comes very close to my ideal camera. It is not tiresome to work with I can see what I'm doing very well quickly change major settings shoot from any position and not worry if the weather gets dusty wet or cold. The boundary between advanced amateur and pro cameras is quite fuzzy. For my kind of photography the K70 is easily capable of pro level performance. An all metal pro shutter K3II would last longer but so far I have never had a camera that gave up on me because of old age. Also for serious work one typically travels with 2 bodies (for redundancy and to minimize lens changing in tough conditions) which in the case of the K70 would cost a reasonable $1300 (probably $1200 by the end of the year). The rest of one's budget can be wisely used to buy great lenses of which there is no shortage.08/12/16 addendumA final note that could be helpful to some. I love to shoot in horrible (wonderful) weather including rain wind snow ice and sub-zero temps often doing some slippery scrambling to get into position. For max portability in these conditions I use Oly EM10II and EM5II cameras with slower minuscule but good quality Oly and Pana lenses. In my experience the K70 is overall superior to the EM10II (excluding size) at a comparable price at least because of its weatherization pixel shift technology and pixel count. The EM5II is my top camera which surpasses the K70 in some important areas such as size the large and clear EVF AF IS more external controls continuous shooting and some really usable creative stuff like Live Composite. Alas it is also about $450 more expensive (= a good lens). Working with all 3 cameras is very satisfying but I noticed something curious. While the small size of the Oly's is very convenient I prefer the way the Pentax sits in my hands and I can operate it. It feels like the perfect fit. Moral: always try a new camera in your own hands before buying.08/13/16 addendum: a note about pixel shift high resolution (PSHR)PSHR is offered by recent Pentax and Olympus camera models. It has been received with various degrees of favor because it's limited to still subjects (not true). In real life it produces levels of detail color accuracy lower noise and expanded DR comparable to top of the line FF cameras when used with still studio subjects and outdoor subjects with limited movement. The latter is done either by using the new Pentax K1 and K70 Motion Correction feature and/or stacking and masking a normal res frame to replace high res parts in motion showing artifacts. I have tried it with both my Olympus E-M5 mark II and the Pentax K70 with similar IQ results. The Oly can output a 40Mp jpeg and a 64Mp ORF Raw with limitations about f/stop and max ISO. The Pentax can output a 24Mp PEF/DNG Raw and a jpeg with no exposure limitations. When everything is said and done I do not care about the jpeg outputs and prefer the practicality of the Pentax 24Mp Raw which saved in dng can be opened directly by any Raw converter and has a more than high enough pixel count. Next month Olympus should unveil its E-M1 mark II with even more advanced PSHR features.08/31/16 addendumAdded pic # 7 a visual comparison of the Pentax K70 with a basic bright lens set vs the Oly em5 II with equivalent good IQ but darker lenses for max portability.02/22/17 addendumStill my favorite camera and the price is down to $600. I am adding photo #8 of the sunset in one of town's parks. This was a test of in-camera HDR set to HDR3 +-3 f/stops max jpeg size and quality all jpeg settings at their minimum or OFF and a little fine tuning in PS. The result is much better than I expected and viable for large size prints.Attached pics- Pic 1: high res test NORMAL RES D FA 50mm f/2.8 macro 0.5sec at F11 ISO100- Pic 2: high res test HIGH RES D FA 50mm f/2.8 macro 0.5sec at f/11 ISO100.- Pic 3: detailed landscape DA* 16-50mm f/2.8 1/80sec at f/11 ISO100- Pic 4: snowy egret DA 55-300mm f/4-5.6 at 300mm TAv f/5.6 1/1000sec ISO3200. Poor light and background but shows AF-C in action- Pic 5: night heron DA 55-300mm f/4-5.6 at 300mm TAv f/8 1/1000sec ISO1600. Shows AF-S (no typo) in action- Pic 6: NY Botanical Garden water lily with reflection of the conservatory DA* 50-135mm f/2.8 at 117mm eq 1/640sec at f/11 ISO1600- Pic 7: Pentax K70 and Oly E-M5 II 3 lens sets size comparison- Pic 8: beach sunset DA*16-50mm f/2.8 f/11 ISO800 HDR3 +-3 f/stops