Initial Preview:Upgraded from a 5 year old Pentax K-5.  Realized I was stepping down from flag ship series to high end enthusiast camera.  But I was looking to using some new features save money and keep the K-5 for backup.On arrival I immediately upgraded Firmware to 1.10.  At first glance the image quality seems similar to the K-5 but I haven't gotten around to looking closely at images in comparison.  Also I look forward to trying the new features.Likes:* Looks like it will work fine in place of my old K-5 for all my normal shooting.* The articulating back display* larger ISO range* more settings are saved in user settings (compared to k-5 which had some big limitations - such as could not be used with interval shooting)* fast charge - from depleted to mostly charged in an hourMiss:* larger battery capacity of K-5 (bought two Wasabi batteries since I have had good look with them in the past).  Also ordering AC power supply for use in remote shooting* focus confirmation in viewfinder when doing manual focusDislike:* WI-FI - when it works it's nice but limited.  The remote control is very flaky.  Have used the remote "Image Sync" app with both iPhone and Android tablet with similar results.  It will hang at times.  And sometimes after a long delay will report that it has lost communication with camera.  Sometimes killing the "Image Sync" app and restarting it will start it working again.  Other times need to switch the camera off and on again (not very convenient with remote shooting). It seems to work better for me if I switch off live view (save battery life) or use it for short intervals set raw+ (instead of raw) or JPEG and change focus to manual.  At least get fewer hangs with this setup and most of the time can recover by just killing the "Image Sync" app and restarting.  Hope that this will be improved over time with updates to camera firmware or fixes to mobile app but from past experience it may take a long time or may never happen.  Also the app is limited.  It only works in single shot mode and doesn't allow you to change shooting mode.  Might be nice to have bracketing support as well as video and interval shooting.Note:* Lightroom is not recognizing the PEF raw format but after switching to DNG it works.Will update this as I get more used to the camera.