This is mostly in comparison to my K-30 which died on me way too soon (but I really wanted an excuse to buy new camera anyway ;-) ) The 70 is a noticeable upgrade. For the price it is very hard to beat.What 70 has the 30 doesn't that I like:1) Wi-Fi - It only transfers to a phone app but it works and I like the idea I can take a high quality picture to post right away to social media instead of just using just my phone camera2) External mic input. My daughter acts and we do a lot of self taping for auditions and rehearsals. The 30's built in mic is tinny. The ability to add an external high quality mic makes the sound quality so much better and easier than mixing in a separate audio channel3) External HDMI out. Another thing that goes great with taping auditions because I can now just play back to a large monitor instead of using the small camera screen or having to remove the card and inserting in my computer4) Picture quality. As good as ever with even better color correctness. With the additional menu options of Clarity and Pixel Shifting you have even more options to experiment with5) Better video capabilities usability. Pentax has always given low priority to video and even though the 70 pays more attention to it other cameras are better if video is your main concern. Still shooting video on a DSLR with the ability to use various lenses is much better than using a separate single lens video camera. I am much happier with the improvements Pentax has made with their video capabilities including a better performing Live View function and better ability to adjust to different light levels. While they offer a continuous video auto focus function it only works with a couple of new lenses. I can live without it though6) Articulating screen. Not a huge benefit but I find myself using it more than I thought.I've had it a month and haven't used all the other additional features. Generally speaking it has everything the 30 did but with more variations and options. For example the HDR options are expanded with 2 more settings and the ability to adjust exposure and there are some additional options for setting the focal point that are interesting.Overall the controls and menu are very familiar and I have not found anything I do not like. Though one thing I really wish it had was an external headphone jack so I could hear the audio better. Another thing is at first it did not seem to focus very quickly but once I linked the exposure to the focal point (a settings option) it began focusing quickly.For those of you who own a 30 I can definitely say the 70 is a worthy step up especially if you want to shoot video.