I am a virtual reality software engineer who has had experience with the HTC Vive Oculus Rift DK2 and new consumer version and various other devices.I have also used the M15 in the past. The form factor of both devices was great and I ultimately chose to buy the newer model due to the ability to make longer videos. In the M15 the resolution is too low and the contrast in picture quality is not great where colors appear undersaturated and flat.The S in contrast is definitely a notch above the m15. However this device is still prone to overexposure when taking 360 photos outside. The Theta S is a big improvement than its predecessor but in my opinion not enough to warrant purchasing an entirely new device if you have the older model.You get 25 minutes to record 1080 HD video as opposed to 6 minutes on the M15 but keep in mind that uploading it into Youtube truly skews the image quality so the videos do not truly feel like HD. However the Ricoh Theta software will auto stitch your video while exporting which minimizes the time spent editing saving the consumer many hours. The videos are not completely seamless and are subject to some fish-eye distortion.The S comes with live preview which uses the WiFi capabilities enabled in the camera itself. The shutter range is small and you must be close to the camera for reliable operation. While it is neat to have this capability the shoddy execution from the weak range leaves something to be desired.The S comes with a neoprene sleeve that fits snugly against the camera. However we decided to buy a hard case for added lens protection as Ricoh does not offer a warranty in the case that the lens themselves become damaged.The S controls are extremely easy to use and just the press of a button will take a 360 photo. However if you want the images to look as beautiful as they can a fair amount of post processing might still be required to get the dynamic range seen in reality.Overall I feel like this is the best VR camera you can get at this price point. The quality will not be able to rival a GoPro VR rig but the amount of effort required in post production is severely minimized by Ricoh Theta. With a GoPro rig you need to spend 2500 dollars and also buy or #D print a mount to house all of the camera together. It also requires that you sync the individual shutters and control the settings so that the VR immersion isn't disrupted by the varying exposures which can take a lot of time. The Ricoh Theta S is a great introduction to the world of VR and is able to fit in such a small form factor that is extremely portable.As an avid Amazon shopper I rely heavily on reviews to research before purchasing items. I purchased this item with my own money after doing my own research on what was available. I want to help others make more informed purchasing decisions by providing reviews that accurately describe the product and my experiences with it. I have no relationships with this seller nor am I compensated on how people vote: if you learned anything helpful about this product from my review please click the yes button and if you did not learn anything new please click the no button. Your vote will help me pinpoint what types of reviews people think are most useful. Please feel free to give me any feedback or ask any question so that I could provide more information to better assist you.