I've had no technical issues with this camera whatsoever.  Hooked up to the PC fine and the Spherical software is basic but it does what it is supposed to do.  My android phone and tablet can connect and control the camera just fine over wifi as well.  Ricoh even has an app for the Samsung Gear VR in the Oculus store for taking and viewing images which works great.From a usability standpoint this camera has been flawless and easy to set up and configure.  It gets 5 stars for that.The body also "feels" sturdy. It doesn't feel cheaply made in the least.  Another 5 stars.Ok now the not so good.First you really need a smartphone (Android iPhone only) to set things like ISO exposure etc...  You can get by without one for just point and click but there are no settings on the camera itself.The real downside of this camera is the quality of the video and to some degree the stills as well.Videos can be poor (as in terrible) in normal lighting conditions.  Even inside an office with phosphorescent lighting produces bad looking videos.  Lots of noise and focus is always always always a bit blurry.  Things are much better in sunlight for video and is much more acceptable for usage outside.  Technically it is HD but when you take an HD video and wrap it around a 360 sphere it looks less and less HD and even worse than SD.In terms of noise reduction photos are better than video and you have options for noise reduction shutter priority and ISO settings (no aperture priority).Objects at more than 5ft are quite blurry so taking a 360 pano of a medium sized room doesn't look so good.  A picture of people sitting in a room is 'ok' but won't look as good as same priced camera with images stitched together.  My Samsung S6 can produce much much better looking images with 360 pano software (though I still have to pan the room).For close up objects (such as objects/food on a table near the camera) the focus is quite good (as in great).  I can see a "foodie" liking this camera just to take a snapshot of their meals.So for video it works best in sunlight.  Inside looks bad.  For stills the closer an object is the better.