I decided that this year would be the year that I learn photography and stop point and shooting.  I went round and round with which camera to buy.  I researched altered my budget researched some more. I made the mistake of not taking any online classes before buying my camera.  Look up some You tube videos on equipment and how to choose the best one for you.  There are no regreets with this purchase but I may have changed my strategy a bit if I knew then what I know now.I bought this camera over Nikon based on the "live view mode" and because most reviews stated that the Canon would be better for those trying to learn the various modes.  I can say this this is indeed true and this camera takes GREAT pictures.  I am completely happy. I also bought it for the video capability although the 70D was rated a little higher for video it was out of my budget.Some advice for fellow first time DSLR buyers:1. Spend the extra money for the 18-135 STM.  This was an instant regret that continues to haunt me.  This lens is phenomenal and takes GREAT pics but the added flexibility would be worth the extra money.  55mm is great for close up portraits this is a great wide angle lens but 55mm is short and I find that I have to change lenses more often than I would like.2. Budget for lenses not the camera body.  Camera bodies change like cell phones every few years there is an opportunity to upgrade.  Nice lenses will outlive multiple bodies.  The more classes I take the more I wish I had budgeted for lenses and every class video review will echo this.3. If you can find a package deal that includes the 55-250 STM lens it will save you $200...do it!!4. Buy a book besides the manual it really helped me to understand how the camera really works.  Also there is a great set of videos from "The great courses".  It is taught by a National Geographic photographer and at $80 has been really eye opening as far as taking great pictures.This T5i is a great camera for beginners and enthusiasts.  There is not much difference in this camera and the T4i.  I think touch screen is the biggest upgrade the touchscreen is awesome by the way.  The controls are easy to learn and use. I have not tested it but this camera may not tolerate wet weather like the 70D will.  Live view works well.  I have not used the video too much it worked well with 18-55STM but when I tried it with an older 70-300 kit lens it was very noisy and never focused right.  This was the lens not the camera hence my suggestion #3 above.  These kit Canon lenses have changed the game and they take great images.  You will not be disappointed but you may want to upgrade to more expensive lenses if you are doing more than chasing the kids around. A few review web sites even say that the images from these lenses rival more expensive ones.Whether you are delving into the world of exposure and trying to take wonderful images or this is to document vacations and family moments you will love this camera.Pros:1. Easy to use out of the box on "green" setting.2. Easy to learn exposure on in "live view" mode3. Screen is big bright and customizable4. Light enough everyday family use5. Video capable Multiple frame rates.6. Touch screen works like my iPhone7. New Canon kit lenses take very sharp pictures compared to older kit lenses.ConsNone really.