Great PhotosThis is my third Canon point and shoot and I am not at all disappointed so far.  The second in the PowerShot SX...HS line.  My previous SX260 HS is still going strong -- though scuffed up from heavy use.  I will miss the built-in GPS feature of my previous Canon but since it didn't work indoors anyway I won't miss it that much.  I bought this model to go from 20x to 40x zoom.  The wide-angle is 24mm equiv. full telephoto is 960mm equiv. (which on a DSLR that would be a VERY BIG lens).  ( For comparison only - the 20x zoom of the SX260 HS was 25mm equiv. to 500mm equiv. both have the same sensor size)  The 40x is a tiny bit wider and way closer so it isn't twice as close as my old camera (more like 1.9 times closer at max zoom).  The 20 MegaPixel rating doesn't change the actual output resolution much.  Max Res on this camera is 5184 x 3888 (compared to 4000x3000 on the SX260 at 12MP).  I attached a comparative max zoom to this and my review on the SX260 HS.  Canon PowerShot SX260 HS 12.1 MP CMOS Digital Camera with 20x Image Stabilized Zoom 25mm Wide-Angle Lens and 1080p Full-HD Video (Black) (OLD MODEL)I plan to do some low-light shot comparisons soon.SharingMaybe I'm weird but I often find myself photographing something really cool and taking photos and then pulling out my smart phone to take a smart-phone picture that I can share immediately.  Maybe it's not as good as the one I took a minute ago (for one thing the zoom just isn't there).  No need anymore.  Just tap the back of a smartphone to the side of the SX720 and 30 seconds later I have a list of photos on the camera that I can copy over to my phone.  Select Menu (to signal I'm done selecting) OK Confirm screen: OK again and the selected images appear on my phone.From there I can e-mail or post to social media without compromising on quality.The very initial setup did take some time.  There's a sweet spot on most smart-phones that are not obvious (the sweet spot on the camera is clearly etched into the side).  Once that was found everything else was set up within about 15 minutes.  There are tutorials on Canon's web site and YouTube if you want someone to show you.I didn't really consider this feature deeply when I pre-ordered this camera and I've been surprised that it is already a game-changer for me.