When my Nikon S9700 committed suicide by jumping off the counter I did a lot of looking for a replacement. I chose the Canon Powershot SX 720 HS. I am really glad that I did.  If not for the WIFI I would have called it a 5 star camera..My main use is taking snaps of the grandkids. The 40X zoom gets a close up head shot even when I am sitting on the first base line and he is in left field deep left field of a little league ball field.The antivibration feature really work well. The problem with the 40X turns out not to be the vibration but finding a moving subject in the field of view. There is a special  button for that..The attached pic was taken as a snapshot not planned and freehand no tripod or even a rest on anything like a post. If you figure the plane was at about 30000 feet?? then this was taken of a plane about 8 miles away . No it isn’t the greatest quality but it sure does say something about the antivib and 40X.  I would point out that to the naked eye the plane was a silvery speck at the end of the contrails.As evening falls and it is hard to see the players well the light sensitivity is so good that the pics and videos look like they were taken on a bright day. Awesome.. The controls are intuitive for the most part. The pic trigger and video trigger are where I would want them. Autofocus is great unless you start straying off the beaten path. Some of the options will cause the focus to get a little weird.I was surprised that the image size didn’t jump way up from the 5 meg I was used to on the Nikon. Compression in the jpg format??The one thing I really didn’t like was the WIFI upload option. I downloaded the drivers and was able to get the camera to talk  with the network. Even when I can see that the router has the connection the program to upload doesn’t pop up reliably. When it does load and start to run in looks like it is shipping the files into the Comcast backbone according to the Netgear  Genie program. It ties up most of the 30 mbps that Comcast gives me. I don’t understand why it would be touching the internet and by the way it was extremely slow uploading.The attached pic show what Netgear Genie thinks the load on the internet is while loading pics from the camera to the laptop. I really don't know why it even touches the internet maybe that isn't what Genie is telling me?I called Canon tech support and they told me that I could hardwire with a USB2 to mini-B cable. I ordered it and it didn’t fit.Another call to Tech support and no it wasn’t the mini-B it was the micro-b cable.I ordered it and after tuning the software options it works. Every time and a bunch faster. My recommendation is that you get the hard wire USB micro-B cable.One more comment about Wifi. The camera is designed with a thicker section on the right hand side while holding it. It is natural to use this thicker section to pull the camera from it’s case and put it back. The location of  the wifi button is right where you would hold it to put it  away. Twice I have had a dead battery because I accidentally hit the wifi button when storing it and it drained the battery.Given a choice I would have it removed…All told I am EXTREMELY pleased with it. Focus speed. Light sensitivity small size 40X zoom 1080P video large memory options what looks like accurate colors and a good path to upload to my laptop. What more can you want??An addition After some quality time on a "great Adventure" with the grandkids. The Pic review button does the same thing the Wifi button does. Both drained the battery when pushed thru the soft case. I have yet to find the right hardcase that the camera will fit in. I intend to make a cover for those buttons and tape it in place. Really a pain when the battery is dead when you want to take that magic pic!!  Too bad there isn't a firmware option to disable them.Canon PowerShot SX720 HS (Black)