The zoom range on this camera is unbelievable.  The base camera has a 60X zoom range making it the longest of any camera available at the moment. The total zoom range in mm is 20 - 1200 mm which is very impressive. Standard SLR lenses with those types of ranges would require several lenses and untold thousands of dollars......plus the cost of the camera itself. Yet this Lumix jewel accomplishes all that and more at a scant fraction of the cost. The camera is easy to operate has an incredible amount of built in features and much more just waiting to be discovered by experimenting.  An added bonus is the ability to extend the zoom range by selecting image resolutions less than the full 16.1M.  While there are those who will always want to shoot at 16.1M for me it is overkill.  Image resolution is a subjective issue. It is simply a matter of what you want to believe and are willing to settle for. I currently use a Sony DSLR compact camera like this Lumix a Nikon D50 with several lenses but usually coupled with a Tamron 18 - 200. This D50 is a 6.1M camera and I have shot and enlarged flawless prints at 11 x 14 with total clarity. Some may take issue with this statement but excessive megapixels in a camera is much like owning a car that will run 150 mph when all you can go on the highway is 55 mph.  The capacity is there..........but when if ever are you going to utilize it.  Now if you are a professional photographer or a serious amateur and routinely enlarge to 16 x 20 or even 20 x 30 or more.....that is one thing. But if your basic need is for standard 4 x 6 prints and an occasional 5 x 7 or even an 8 x 10 then your eye will be hard pressed (if even able to) discern any difference between a 5M photo and a 16M photo.I said all that to say this........one of the great features of this camera is the ability to increase the zoom range by selecting less than 16.1M resolution. I have taken it down all the way to 5M still get crystal clear pictures and this increases the zoom range from 60X all the way to 270X!  Yes you read correctly!!!  Then.....if you add the digital zoom you can end up with a total on camera zoom range of 675X.  Have you ever heard of anything like this?  Then for fun and games I took a Sony brand teleconvertor for my Sony that is rated for 1.7X and mounted it to my Lumix.  The standard filter size for the Lumix is 55mm but I had bought a Goja filter adaptor ring in order to be able to use my several hundred dollars worth of existing filters. Many of them are 58mm so I simply bought a Goja 55mm to 58mm adaptor ring and viola......instant filter availability. AND.....it just so happens that my Sony teleconvertor has 58mm threads and I was able to couple this right to my Lumix which now takes the 675X max zoom of the camera with izoom and digital zoom multiples it by 1.7 and now gives a total zoom range of 1147X.  That is NOT 1147 mm.............it is 1147X zoom range.Now.......I will admit the camera is a bear to use in a hand held mode but that is just what I did to see worse case scenario. I am going to post a couple of pictures taken hand held at these extremes so you can just see the potential this camera offers.  My my......we are almost talking spy type pictures from 10 miles off. I will let you judge the photos........not for clarity or subject matter.........but just for an example of the zoom range of this camera.  I will say this here........the bus in the photos was roughly 500 feet from my position and all photos were taken hand held from the same spot.But even without the impressive zoom features......this is one heck of a camera. The pictures even at 5M are crystal clear and will be certain to please. Then with all the built in special modes the 11 or more internal filter modes the 23 or so scene selection modes and full manual mode with shutter or aperture priority mode.........you can go any route that you need for your shooting needs.Another feature I like about this camera is that while filming a video you can press the shutter button and take a still photo. Or while viewing a video you can take still photos from the video. I am anxious to experiment with this more as I have a son in the band and I usually take multiple cameras to their concerts etc. in order to video it and also take some still shots. With this camera I am hopeful to be able to do both with one instrument.  We have the first White Shoe rehearsal this Thursday and our first football game this Friday.  It will be a time to see what this camera can really do with its zooming ability from up in the stands.In closing as a camera buff of many years (40+) I am well pleased with this purchase. I have had a Pentax SPII a Pentax ESII a Nikon N70 a Nikon D50 several smaller point and shoot type all in one cameras and now this Panasonic. For ease of use range of features and cost vs ability......I put this Panasonic Lumix at the top of the pack in features.  No it does not have the quality that either the Pentax or Nikons do.....but then again..........this camera cost a fraction of what they did and some of the individual accessory lenses I have bought for them in the past cost several times the cost of this camera............so it is not even a fair comparison. But for features...........my expensive toys cannot begin to compare with the ability of this camera. I am well pleased with it.  To see the zoom range please look at some of the photos I am going to upload.