I have a very lengthy history with point and shoot cameras. I am a professional photographer so I suppose that I am spoiled by DSLR quality however Panasonic has never let me down. I bought a Panasonic Lumix DMC-ZS3 when it first came out. I was thoroughly impressed with the quality for the price that I had paid. Concert videos came out great and a lot of the photos were really good too. I still have that Lumix and my son now uses it.After dabbling with DSLRs for a while I decided that I wanted a more professional level point and shoot. I bought a Canon G12 and while it had some impressive features it just was not what I expected from the reviews I had seen. It was okay during concerts (one of the main reasons I have a point and shoot) but it wasn't something I was excited to use. After I sold the Canon I went to a Nikon Coolpix. I am an avid Nikon fan. That is the only DSLR I shoot with so I figured the point and shoot would be just as good. I was wrong. The quality of the photos was horrible and I couldn't get a clear shot to save my life. The Coolpix quickly went back. I stuck with the Panasonic Lumix ZS3 for a while and then went to a Nikon N1 J3. Again not great. I did not like how it handled but I have kept it around for a year.I was browsing reviews for cameras that are great for my upcoming trip to Disney. I saw this Lumix FZ70 listed so I did some more research. After reading reviews here on Amazon as well as other sources such as Ken Rockwell I decided that I would jump on the low price that I paid. Yet again Panasonic did NOT disappoint. I got the camera this morning so I have not been able to fully test it and will definitely update when I do but from what I have done so far today...IMPRESSIVE. The zoom is ridiculous and much clearer than I expected it to be at 1200mm!Below I posted a macro shot (holy crap!) and also posted a shot where the lens was at the shortest and then the longest length to show the power of the zoom. In the shot where you can see the entire street I put a red circle around the car that I zoomed in on. The red circle is in the center of the photo far far down the street. I cannot wait to get out there and test this camera's capabilities in Disney in a few months and then at a concert in May.