I'm a retired professional photographer looking for a DSLR replacement for travel. This is NOT it.HIGHLIGHTS> At $300 a bargain (if the current price is higher just put it on your wishlist for a week or two).> USES:  This is a great travel camera---great for brightly lit scenery and street scenes.  This is NOT the best camera for taking indoor photos of your new baby or for indoor portraits.  It is NOT the best camera for sports or birds and butterflies (at long telephoto settings) because the image quality is marginal at long telephoto and you can’t effectively use high shutterspeeds to freeze action (because of the small maximum aperture at telephoto focal lengths)—see “shutter priority” below.---For indoor portraits (including baby photos) you want a "fast" lens and a decent flash (or even better a camera which can connect to an optional separate flash unit).  Portraits are best taken at about 120--150mm (in 35mm film camera equivalence) which works out to about 3X zoom on a point-and-shoot camera with a zoom lens.  In a moderately-priced camera that works out to a point-and-shoot with a F2.8 maximum aperture and a zoom range UNDER 5X or 10X.> The Lumix DMC-ZS50K has the "usual" point-and-shoot "advanced" features (such as video image stabilization panorama "scenes" and "creative") plus PASM modes (Program Aperture priority Shutter priority Manual exposure) manual focus an electronic viewfinder and other features.  Unfortunately aperture priority shutter priority manual exposure and manual focus are poorly designed or are not useful in practice because of the small sensor and limited aperture range (see below).  Aperture priority shutter priority manual exposure and manual focus are more selling points rather than useful features.> APERTURE PRIORITY:  The aperture priority option in the Lumix DMC-ZS50K is limited by a narrow range between F3.5–8.0 at the widest to F6.4–8.0 at maximum telephoto typically about F5.6–8 at intermediate focal lengths where you take most photos.  Therefore the choice of aperture (available in aperture priority and manual modes) really doesn’t make much difference.  You can't throw the background out of focus to highlight your subject (aka "defocus" the background) nor can you gain much additional depth of field for closeup photos.  That said I use aperture priority almost exclusively because I mostly take closeups where even the small additional depth of field at F8 is welcome.> SHUTTER PRIORITY:  Shutter priority has limited utility with such a narrow aperture range.  The only way the Lumix DMC-ZS50K can achieve high shutter speeds is by pumping up the ISO which degrades the photos.> MANUAL EXPOSURE:  I doubt that many users will find any use for manual exposure.  I find it very useful for taking close closeups with a small slave flash (see below).> MACRO FOCUS:  The Lumix DMC-ZS50K can focus commendably close---filling the frame with a subject 1–4" high (depending on the focal length aka "zoom") in “Macro AF” mode.  But the highest magnification is ONLY available at the widest zoom settings at about ½" between the lens and your subject.  It is a great feature and welcome but is not the same thing as having a macrolens on an interchangeable lens camera which allows you more working distance.> MANUAL FOCUS:  Manual focus on the Lumix DMC-ZS50K is barely usable—you’ve got to dig into a menu to select it (while in the meantime the butterfly has flown away). In comparison with my Lumix GX7 I can autofocus and then refine the focus manually simply using the focusing ring on the lens—NOT with the Lumix DMC-ZS50K.  With the Lumix DMC-ZS50K you cannot easily shift between auto and manual focus.  With the wide depth of field (because of the high maximum aperture [smallest F-number]) it is very difficult to manually focus.  “Peaking” (a special Lumix focusing aid) is a great help but even so manual focusing is difficult.  It would be great to be able to activate "Peaking" (say with the Fn2 button) while in autofocus mode (in which case you could shift the focus a few inches or even a few feet simply by moving the camera in or out) but that option is NOT available.> IMAGE QUALITY:  Under ideal circumstances specifically brightly lit subjects taken at less than 10X zoom (at ISO 400 or less) the photos can be very good but at longer telephoto or higher ISOs in poorly lit conditions quality suffers significantly---which is to be expected of ANY camera with such a small sensor.> RAW FORMAT: The Lumix DMC-ZS50K has the unusual ability (for a point-and-shoot camera) of being able to record images in RAW format (as well as JPG) which is commendable but which few users will actually use.> MISSING FEATURES: The  Lumix DMC-ZS50K lacks many features which could improve the image quality in the hands of a knowledgeable photographer.  These missing features include >> the ability to easily manually refine the focus after autofocus >> the ability to adjust the contrast hue and saturation and >> the ability to brighten shadows or darken highlights (such as the sky).  Note that contrast HDR and hue vividness and saturation adjustment are supported in options in "creative" mode (which I find useless) or IA but inexplicably are NOT available in PASM modes where they would actually be useful.> HARD TO ACCESS FEATURES:  You can control brightness after selecting a button---but this is such a frequently used feature that it should have a dedicated dial.  The "Quck Menu" commendably provides quick access to many options including ISO settings autofocus mode and video modes.  But the QMenu is not much faster or shorter than the main menu---it is cluttered with options which don't need to be on a "Quick Menu".  Oddly one of the few options missing from the "QMenu"  is metering mode---which I often need to change.  To change the metering mode (e.g. from area to spot) you have to dig into the main menu.  It would be even better if users could choose the features on the QMenu (as I can with my Lumix DX7).> DISAPPEARING FEATURES:  For no logical reason I can fathom I’ve observed various features to simply become unavailable.  Those I’ve observed include: the assigned function of the Fn2 button ISO adjust and follow focus (tracking).  On occasions while in aperture preferred mode I’ve been unable to adjust the aperture.> VIEWSCREEN: The viewscreen is non-touch so you can’t for example adjust the tone curve (e.g. increase/decrease contrast or to brighten the shadows only or to darken the highlights only) or to drag the focusing-area box around the way you I can with my Lumix GX7.> FUNCTION BUTTONS and CUSTOM SETTINGS: You can program two function buttons.  For example I set Fn1 to adjust the metering mode (i.e. area center or spot) and Fn2 to enable repositioning of the focusing-area box.  Commendably you can define up to 4 sets of custom settings (which is the real secret to getting the most out of the Lumix DMC-ZS50K) and when you select custom sets 2-1 2-2 or 2-3 (from the custom menu) the custom settings for a variety of features is shown.  TIP:  name your custom settings (e.g. "Fn1 bright daylight" "Fn2-1 dark" "Fn2-2 closeups" or "Fn2-3 sports") make a list and photograph it and keep it as the first photo on your memory card for reference.> FLASH:  The built-in flash on the Lumix is almost useless even if by a miracle it isn't covered with your fingers.  However the built-in flash can trigger a small inexpensive ($15) slave flash (such as a PLR Studio Series Pro Slave Flash Includes Mounting Bracket For The Panasonic Lumix DMC-G3 DMC-GF3 DMC-G1 DMC-GH1 DMC-GH4 DMC-GH2 DMC-GH3 DMC-L10 DMC-GF1 DMC-GF2 DMC-G10 DMC-G2 DMC-GF3 DMC-G3 DMC-GF5 DMC-G5 DMC-GM1 DMC-GM5 DMC-GX7 Digital SLR Cameras) which can considerably extend your flash range and improve modeling.  Using this flash unit (or similar manual slave units) you control the brightness by the ISO setting of the camera (easiest from the QMenu).> ZOOM RANGE:  Arguably the "30X" zoom range is also more of a selling point than a feature since images taken at greater than 10X i.e. (240mm in 35mm film camera equivalence) the image quality significantly deteriorates.  Even with the excellent image stabilization you need at least a monopod to get decent photos much above 10X.– HOWEVER the long telephoto range is still useful since most users don't mind that bison or eagle a half-mile away is a little fuzzy.  Travel photos are more about memories and bragging rights than image quality.  RECOMMENDATION: don't buy a camera because it claims (for example) 30X instead of 25X.  The 25X image will be the better photo and a 20X image would be even better.– The Lumix has difficulty focusing at long telephoto (it will "focus" but the actual photos will often not be in focus).COMPARED TO A NIKON COOLPIX S9000 SERIES CAMERA> Physically the Lumix DMC-ZS50K is very similar to a Nikon Coolpix S9000 series (e.g S9700 S9900 and the older S8000 series) cameras (as well as the new Coolpix A900).  The feature mix and even the operating logic are very similar.  They are even nearly identical in size.> The Nikon Coolpix S9000 series cameras are impressive (I’ve owned two).  They take beautiful photos of almost anything in any circumstances.  The Lumix DMC-ZS50K is basically the same camera but with manual control over the aperture shutter speed and focus including “macro” and a few other Lumix advanced features.> ADVANTAGES of the Lumix DMC-ZS50K over Nikon Coolpix S9000 series cameras:  Although limited the Lumix DMC-ZS50K offers aperture shutter speed and manual modes manual focus and focuses closer than the Coolpix.  Although I rarely use it the Lumix DMC-ZS50K eye-level viewfinder is advantageous in very bright light and when following moving objects.  Manual mode on the Lumix DMC-ZS50K works well with slave flashes.  The ability to define 2 function buttons and 4 custom sets of features on the Lumix are not available on the Coolpix> ADVANTAGES of the  Nikon Coolpix S9000 series cameras over the Lumix DMC-ZS50K:  The color balance (hue) and degree of vividness can be manually chosen on Coolpix S9000 series cameras.  I find these options very useful in many circumstances.  These are NOT available on the DMC-ZS50K.> IMAGE QUALITY:  I’ve taken multiple series of side-by-side photos with the Lumix DMC-ZS50K and a Coolpix S9700.  The quality is very similar.  On the viewscreen the Coolpix photos look better because they are more “processed”.  The Coolpix enhances contrast saturation and applies sharpening the Lumix does NOT.  Because of this the Lumix photos are truer to “life” than the somewhat artificial photos of the Coolpix.  If you plan to work with photo editing program to improve your photos (especially if you use the RAW option) the Lumix is the best choice. If you’ll never use photo-editing software you’ll like the Coolpix photos better.  It is my impression that in the DMC-ZS50K the auto-white balance is more accurate (at least in bright sunlight).  However honestly I don’t think than anyone other than a professional photographer would notice the difference.> CONCLUSION:  Depending on the highly variable Amzn prices the often extra $200 for the Lumix DMC-ZS50K over a comparable Coolpix is hard to justify.  That said the Lumix DMC-ZS50K is my choice.> ALTERNATIVES: If you can live with a 10X zoom range (25-240mm equivalent---which most folks can) and shell out another $300 or so the LUMIX DMC-ZS100 (with a much larger sensor) is probably a better choice as a travel camera.  Since the sensor is four times the size you can think of the LUMIX DMC-ZS100 as having roughly the equivalent of 25-480mm on a Lumix DMC-ZS50K or on a Coolpix S9000 series camera---meaning that you can "electronically zoom" (aka "digitally zoom" which simply magnifies the central portion of the image) a LUMIX DMC-ZS100 image (at the maximum 240mm zoom setting) to the equivalent of 480mm and get about the same (or better) quality as an image taken with a Lumix DMC-ZS50K or a Coolpix S9000 series camera at (optical) 480mm.  You should NEVER use digital zoom on either Lumix DMC-ZS50K or a Coolpix S9000 series camera because (beyond maximum optical zoom) you are only magnifying an already barely acceptable image and making it worse.> Coolpix A900:  Although the Coolpix A900 shares many of the "hollow" features of the DMC-ZS50K (excessively long zoom range aperture priority shutter priority) and an excessively high 20mp resolution (which practically speaking adds nothing but reduces low-light capabilities) I'd seriously consider it for the tilting viewscreen.  I use the tilting viewscreen on my Lumix GX7 constantly when taking photos of flowers etc.  Since the camera has not been released at the time of this writing I don't know what other features it may have or lack.> Click on “Stoney” just below the product title to see my other reviews or leave a comment to ask a question.