I would consider myself a complete amateur photographer but with the desire to become better.  In my college years I took a lot of pictures with a 35mm Canon and loved doing it so I am a bit biased in the brand.  However I have used several Nikons and other brands as well so I have a bit of experience with the other brands.What I like about this camera is that it is easy to use if you want it to be and has quite a bit of adjustments if you want to try your hand at semi-professional photography.  Of course it is not full-framed but I really can not tell that much of a difference.You can set it to fully automatic and use it as a relatively easy point and shoot type or you can change the settings to suit your needs.  I tend to play around with different settings and see what works the best.  All my shots are in Raw mode so you do have some adjustments when you go to 'develop' the pictures.  It gives you a bit of more flexibility.Overall I like the shots that it takes.  I have taken some great shots with this and the color detail and clarity have been exactly what I wanted in a mid-range DSLR.  Usually I take outdoor shots so the lens is fine for what I am doing but if you want to take more indoor and portrait shots then definitely invest in a 50mm f1.4 or better lens.  Low light conditions with the kit lens will almost always require the flash and if you cant use flash will be a little dark.The video mode is great too.  So far I like the tracking feature of the autofocus and how quiet the lens is.  I have been experimenting with some different situations and like the quality of the videos.  Most of the video has been of recitals and indoor use and they have been good quality.  The mic works well although it might be better to have a separate mic for better quality.I give the product four stars because it pretty much does everything that I wanted in a camera however the kit lens is only so good.  It is perfect for what I need right now but as I get to be a better photography I am sure I will find its limitations. As far as the difference between the T4i and the T5i I have heard there is not much other than the lens.  If you are purchasing this for video use I would recommend this over the T4i other than that I believe they are very similar.