***UPDATE AFTER MANY MONTHS OF USE***- For my videos this is an OK camera but it dies SUPER fast. You need like 3 extra batteries on hand if say going out for a day trip No other camera I have had (about 20 of them in my life) has died this fast. The pictures are rough. I would say 3 out of 5 are blurry. I have to take numerous photos to get any that aren't the least bit fuzzy. It might be closer to 4 out of 5. Sometimes it's minor and you don't notice w/o zooming in. I didn't realize that problem very fast because I use it more for YT videos than anything else. Also the shutter speed for photos is rather slow but it's a cheap camera so that isn't too abnormal there.The pros to this camera are that it is small light-weight and films video in the 16:9 widescreen I need for my online videos. IF I could turn back time I would have returned this camera and bought something a little bit pricier and better all around. Oh well. Hopefully I get a better one from Santa Claus :)!!I love this camera so far as far as what I bought it for my You Tube videos and other stuff. I only used it one full day but the battery STINKS!! My other cameras last 5x's or more longer. Did I get a bum battery???? I charge it fully and take video and it starts going down to one bar and done FAR too fast to be normal. I read reviews that said it lasted people through many flash photos and videos during the day. I'm wondering if this is a camera I can take out for a day trip or not. My husband thinks maybe I got a bad battery. Anybody have any issues??? I love that it doesn't change the lighting to an orangey color which is what the problem was with my more expensive larger cameras. It's all over the place with those which makes editing sooo difficult. This seems to stay true and the video quality is very good. I wanted a 1080 but I cannot tell the difference to be honest. This is worth the $$ in the quality dept. & it is a Sony. I haven't taken photos yet. I'm just concerned about the battery. If the battery gets replaced and lasts a lot longer than I will give this a better review. PS- The size is great but very tiny compared to my old point and shoot. In a crazy house like mine it may not last the year lol. All is good but the battery. I'm thinking that may be a defect.