From a day one aspect it does what it is supposed to do.  This is my 3rd Canon ELPH previous models being the 110 HS and 330 HS.No discernable difference in picture quality when compared to my 330.Zoom has greatly improved and has a bit better image stabilization vs the 330.  MP4 has replaced the aged MOV format for videos.I am NOT a camera techie and don't use half the features on this camera but know a good picture when I see one and one of the main things that impress me with the ELPH line is how great pictures and videos look when displayed on a large screen TV.  That's the test for me... I've purchased other models that failed and were returned.It's true that today many cellphones take WONDERFULL pictures and vids but you are NOT going find  the kind of zoom that point and shoots have.  When on vacation I'd have to say 50% of my pictures involve the use of the zoom lens.  Actual cameras are still relevant in today's cellphone centric world (at least for the time being).The REAL reason I upgraded this go around (my 330 is in excellent working condition) was that Canon FINALLY made MP4 the format for the 360's videos.  Although previous versions took wonderful HD videos you have no idea how frustrating it is to transfer a video to your phone and having to convert it from MOV format first!  Converting formats always involves a loss of quality and I never understood why an Apple format had to be standard on a non-Apple device. MOV is an age old format and MP4 beats it hands down and is playable on almost any PC or Android device.Nit-picking... this model has a flimsier battery/card door and using the Wi-Fi feature I had to use "manual" steps to do so as the "auto" feature would recognize the device but not connect.... not a big thing but would be nice if it would connect to devices as easily as cellphones do these days.Over all I'm quite happy with the camera and feel the ELPH series offer the best pictures and smallest size in the compact point and shoot category. If it didn't....I wouldn't be on my third model of the line.  My first ELPH (110HS) is still working wonderfully 5 yrs later the only reason I upgrade is for the improved features .  I can't recommend this camera highly enough...it's GREAT.A piece of good advice is when buying a case...look for a hard/semi hard "clamshell" type case.  My ELPHs look and act pristine after years of use because they are well protected when being carried or not in use.  Pouch style cases won't protect your camera from bumps or accidental drops which I have encountered many times and have had no ill effects due to the clam shell cases superior protection.Update 4-24-16Just got back from a Vegas trip where this camera was use extensively.  I had nose bleed seats at the T-Mobile Arena Guns n Roses concert.  My 1080p cellphone camera could not capture stage action as the low light filter does not work in zoom mode (all it could capture at full zoom was a blurry mess).  Was able to get video with my HS 360 in zoom mode clear enough to actually capture facial expressions....GREAT video from some of the worst seats in a 40000 seat arena. How can you beat that from an ultra compact point and shoot?  When filming in full HD I was getting about 45 mins a battery (I took 2 extra).  Low light ability is A LOT better than my Note 4's camera.  In DAYLIGHT....my cellphone takes excellent pictures and video....at NIGHT....not so much.  Glad I had this camera with me.If you are taking pictures expect to get 300+ to a battery charge....video around 45-60 mins.  Extra batteries are cheap and quite fast to change out when filming extensively....well worth the money.