So I have only used this camera a bit but thought I would put up a first impression post now and I will update it in a month or so. I am not a professional photographer but my main camera is a Cannon EOS Rebel T3 Canon EOS Rebel T3 Digital SLR Camera with EF-S 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 IS Lens (discontinued by manufacturer). I also have not fully read the instruction booklet yet either.Pros:--------------1) Small & Light Weight: One of my co-workers tossed the box holding the camera to me and didn’t think there was a camera inside of it.2) Great Distance view: I will get a series of photographs I took during my lunch break from our back door. We are 0.7 miles from the cranes in the picture. I was able to get a good enough distance picture to read the manufacturers. I am not sure if I can do that on my Rebel T3 with just the normal lens.3) Filter Settings: I have not gone through all the settings yet. However there is a setting where the camera will take 3+ pictures and change the filter automatically. I just took a picture of the texture on the ceiling to test this and it was pretty neat.Cons:------------------1) The first thing I noticed while taking pictures outside is that it is hard to see what you are shooting in the display screen. I tried taking pictures in the shade and direct sun and in both instances I really had to struggle to see.2) Close up images: I tried using this vs the camera in my Samsung Galaxy S4 phone to take pictures of my Beta Fish tank at work. I found that out of 8 attempted shots only 2 came out non-blurry while using the cannon. I have purchased the same SD card that I would use for my Rebel T3 so that should not cause the delay .Overall so far I am happy. I am marking it at 4 for now but mattering how things change once I read the directions it might be lowered. If I am spending $200 on a camera I want it to work outside. I wanted this camera to ride in my purse on the go since I don’t always want to carry the bulky DSLR. SanDisk Extreme PRO 32GB UHS-I/U3 SDHC Flash Memory Card with up to 95MB/s- SDSDXPA-032G-AFFP