I love this camera!  I bought it to replace my Canon xTi (purchased in 2008) which still worked but I wanted a new camera because both the technology and my photography skills had gotten better in 7 years.  When I was doing my research on new DSLR cameras I had a hard time deciding which camera to buy.  It was between the t5 sl1 and t5i.  I chose this one because it had a better light sensor than the t5 and t5i but the price wasn't as high as the t5i.  At first I thought I needed a camera with more umph to increase my skills more (like the 70D).  I was worried because this camera is advertised as a beginners camera and hoped that I would be bored with it.  I am definitely NOT bored!  I feel like it's easy enough for a beginner but there is so much to learn with photography that it will propel you forward for quite awhile.  I love how it's a rebel series and I knew how to use it out of the box because it was so similar to the xTi.  Of course there are a lot of similarities between the xTi and the SL1 like the ISO can go much higher than the xTi but I usually stay under 400 as much as I possibly can but in the higher numbers the pictures look better compared to the same ISO as the xTi.  Everything looks better with this camera!The first thing I noticed about this camera is how small and lightweight it is.  I can take 800 pictures in an hour and at the end of the shoot I don't have as much of a camera shake problem from having a tired hand.  The quality of the pictures are fantastic.  The pictures are coming out so super clear that there is almost too much detail and I find myself photoshop-ing the crust off my baby's nose!  In reality though I don't spend nearly as much time fixing the photos as I used to.  Most of the images I submitted are original and untouched.  Additionally the SL1 is a super fast camera and can keep up with toddlers very easily.  A few things that I love that I didn't know I would love is the touch screen.  I also love the super quiet auto-focus on the STM lens.  And I love how I can use all my old Canon lenses and gear that I have collected over the years.This camera is quickly becoming my go-to camera because of the pictures that come from it.  In the two weeks I've had it I've already taken several thousand pictures and at the end of my shoots I have a higher % of good pictures compared to the other cameras I own and tested before buying this one.  Bottom line I would make this purchase again in a heart beat and this time I wouldn't take to long to decide on this camera!