I'm not going to go too in depth with a review because there are several other professional photographers who know what they're talking about. I'm just a beginner photography enthusiast obsessive photo taker and first time DSLR user. In my opinion: this camera is AMAZING.I'll review the ergonomics and leave out the tech specs and photo quality to the professionals here. :)Let me preface that I'm a petite female 5'1 with small hands. What is comfortable for me may not be comfortable for you.INTERFACE:- Tons of settings features and options. I still have so much to learn on how to utilize all the functions!- Very friendly and intuitive interface. I've picked up other DSLR's and have found the menu and options to be quite intimidating. But I've been able to navigate around the menus on this camera very easily!- The camera display provides a lot of helpful tips and short explanations of what certain functions are (you can hide these tips in the menu option)- The touch screen is AWESOME. It doesn't seem prone to finger prints or scratches which I find very appealing!SIZE/WEIGHT:I was really intrigued by the whole "World's Smallest and Lightest DSLR" claim (reminder: I'm a petite 5'1 female).- Holding this camera is VERY comfortable for me. The hand grip is perfect and my hand doesn't hang off the bottom of the camera. There's also enough room for MY fingers (I've read other reviews say it's too small for their hands so I emphasize 'my').- As an obsessive photo taker I bring my camera with me EVERY where.. thus mobility is really important for me. This camera is incredibly light and I've noticed an obvious difference when holding this camera to other Rebels or Nikon DSLRs. It's really easy for me to carry around; when I'm traveling or hiking I normally just keep it around my neck cause it's so light and convenient. I've held up my camera for long periods of time and I've never had an issue with feeling tired or my hands cramping.- The lens that comes with this camera is a good size.. but if you upgrade to a larger telephoto the lens will definitely outweigh the camera body itself. It'll cause an uneven weight distribution and may become a little more uncomfortable to hold up with one hand. But since I'm still a beginner I don't plan on upgrading my lens any time soon.If you're upgrading from a P&S and want a great beginner DSLR I HIGHLY recommend this camera.If you want a small light and convenient-to-carry-around DSLR I HIGHLY recommend this camera.Love love love it!