This is an open letter/review to the Sony Corporation :First let me say I don't write product reviews and I buy a LOT of products from Amazon.  I am a building / home inspector and as such (recently did the math) I take upwards of 500 - 600 photos a week for my inspection reports that people rely on to purchase perhaps the biggest purchase of their lives - their home.  I bought this camera in February of 2015 (14 months ago) and after ~33000 photos my beloved DSC-W380 has finally met its match by way of a lens booger.NOW let me get to the point.  Being the centerpiece of my livelihood and the tool that has captured more construction sites floor decking landscaping electrical components low lighting conditions of every kind frost rain (and yes even falling off a building... action shot ; )) I was troubled when its tiny little heart gave up on me (natural death).  Since then I have tried virtually every Point and Shoot on the market $200 and under $200 and over Sony Nikon Canon done side by sides swam in camera specs that would make any sane person's head spin and have come to one resolute conclusion...  If you are in the inspection business and need an amazing quality image on the quick this is it.I'm not selling cameras here so let me get back to my letter.  SONY... PLEASE PLEASE... DO NOT DISCONTINUE THIS CAMERA.  It is the perfect marriage of low light taking no nonsense perfect design for working professional (love the thumb zoom... can and will never zoom with my index finger... thumb on zoom trigger finger on trigger... amen) perfect optics aluminum non-plastic tough as nails shell perfect amount of zoom... I could go on.  This is a timeless camera for a no-nonsense user and should NEVER be discontinued.Thank you Sony for the genesis of this camera and your attention to this open letter I would guess I'm speaking for a large swath of real estate inspectors everywhere.  Phenomenal camera just repurchased after at least 30 hours of research hands-on experimentation etc (03/16)...I will not buy anything other than the DSC-W830 for my main work camera.Kind Regards