Terrible picture quality. I had previous good experience with Sony's CyberShot model line and Carl Zeiss lenses and that's why I bought this to replace my 9-years old Canon PowerShot A400. To my disappointment not this time!I took the same frame with this camera and my old Canon that I must have put at least 10000 shots on compensating for the difference in focal depth by stepping backward for a mere 5-6 feet (the Sony has a wider viewing angle than my poor old Canon). On the surface both shots looked ok. On 1:1 scale the details and edges are completely smudged and lost with this Sony. The tired lens of my 9-years old Canon was able to produce a crisper shot overall and captured more fine details of near and far objects in the frame. Mind you I had both shots set at the same ISO and light conditions. I have uploaded and noted the pictures of the 2 cameras for everyone to see. The should by under Customer Images page http://www.amazon.com/gp/customer-media/product-gallery/B00HNJWUBI/ref=cm_cmu_up_thanks_hdrThen I thought about the difference in Megapixels. The Canon is an old 3.2 MP this one is 20.1 MP. I'm guessing that the Sony's processor is unable to utilize all these pixels efficiently in the time the camera takes to shoot the image. My experience with older DSC CyberShots have been amazing. But this was also around the time when 4 megapixels was considered high-end for point-n-shoot cameras. So this is all speculation. But the bottom line remains: A new camera is unable to produce a crisp clear fine detailed image as a 9-years old one with 1/6th the megapixel power and outdated processing technology.I still love an value Carl Zeiss optics. In fact I own several interchangeable lenses from this company and they are superb in every aspect. I just don't understand how Sony managed to smudge this lens's reputation so badly by installing it in this particular model.Another possibility is that this particular camera was a lemon but I don't have the time or energy to order a replacement just to verify that it was actually this particular piece and not the entire DSCW830 line.Thankfully it only took me 3 days of testing to make up my mind and decide that I'm not interested in paying for a new camera that gives out pictures that are worse than the one I'm trying to replace. I already started the return/refund process with Amazon and shipped it back yesterday! 5 Stars to Amazon though for their return/refund policies.