We purchased this camera as a backup body and lightweight addition as an alternative to our Canon EOS 70D and EOS 6D cameras. My wife and I are semiprofessional photographers.Pros:1. Very small but still easy to use in relatively large hands.2. Light weight.3. Excellent results with typically smooth Cannon pictures that compare very well with the 70D at the default settings.4. Takes all our EF-S lenses.5. Excellent ergonomics. Controls in just the right place and anyone familiar with the Canon EOS series should be able to operate it efficiently without reference to the manuals.6. Fast and accurate focusing.7. Low light performance matches 70D with quick and accurate focusing in very low light.8. Good build quality. It is plastic but it is solid and does not 'creak'. Not quite as good as Nikon equivalents e.g. D60 D3200 etc.9. 18 to 55 mm STM kit lens has virtually silent focusing.10. Touch screen works beautifully.Cons:1. Supplied 18 to 55 mm STM kit lens is rather large for the camera and makes it difficult to carry. Optional 40 mm STM lens is much more compact but obviously not as flexible. New Nikon 18 to 55 mm lens shows the way forward with its collapsing lens barrel for carrying. I also do not like the plastic mount on the 18 to 55 mm kit lens since they wear and can be damaged easily. The optional 40 mm lens is a metal mount which is much more robust. Only and issue if you swap lenses frequently.2. The obvious compromise that some of the more esoteric settings are buried in menu items rather than as buttons for direct control but the touch screen mitigates some of those misgivings.3. Larger lenses make the camera unbalanced in the hand. No obvious way around this as this is a result of the small size. You cannot have small size and light weight but expect it to be OK with larger heavier lenses.Overall a very nice camera and would make a superb entry point to the Canon range of EOS cameras. Careful choice of lenses is important in order to make sure the camera handles well.