(Update Dec 6th 2014)I highly recommend this book for the RX100M3 by Gary Friedman.  I bought it and love it ([...])I bought this camera because of its faster lens (f/1.8 to f2.8) which means to me more light entering onto the cameras sensor which in turn means to me slightly better images than previous models. Which translate to a shallower depth of field available. And that's exactly what I like and want in this model and precisely why I bought it even though I also have the previous M2 model. One thing I want to note here before I go on. The Aperture seems to move quite fast from 1.8 to 2.8 thru the smaller zoom range. In that a case could be made that this lens is more of a steady 2.8 thru out the zoom range.So then what exactly did I get with this upgrade from my M2 to my new M3? Well you've got the newer Bionz X processer. The new 180 degree LCD (for Selfies if you are so inclined). The pop-up EVF (which is an innovation in and of itself and a help with image stabilization when pressed against my face). Zebra pattern and focus peaking which is available on my RX10 and now the M3.I feel the 24mm-70mm lens (though not the same reach as my previous M2 model - 28-100mm) is a good walk-around lens. And since I have been using this same zoom range for a long time on my DSLRs I feel very comfortable with this zoom range in a very capable and now compact camera. When I use this for portraits at the long end of 70mm I expect to shoot mostly 1/2 to 3/4 body shots to full body shots. As opposed to the previous models zoom range of 28-100mm where I used it up to head and shoulder shots at the long end.This camera has the same Bionz X processor that Sony has in their A7 line of cameras (one of which the A7R that I have). That was another plus for me in buying this camera. As far as image stabilization it is important to compact cameras today and thus to me. And I find that holding the camera up to my face while using the EVF gives me the 'feel' of a more stabilized shot. And my pictures look better to me. This is important to me because now that I am in my 60's try as I might holding the M2 or my smartphone without an EVF - is not as steady as I'd like it to be or as I remember it was when I was younger. And I need image stabilization in lower light. And this EVF on my new compact M3 seems to provide that for me. The only 'unofficial' (perhaps non-technical) test I could do with this camera was to zoom it out to 70mm and hold the shutter half-way to see how much 'lock' I had on the image. Then I tried it with my M2. My observation was that I did see an improved difference with the M3.There is a slight difference in camera size from the previous model (which I also have). The thickness of this model is about 2mm more. And the weight is about 8 to 9 grams more. What this also means in terms of fitting a leather case to it is that my previous models Sony leather case will not fit this camera. You're going to need the Sony LCJRXF/B Premium Jacket Case (Black). This new case will fit all previous models as well as this model. Just as the Sony LCJRXC/B Premium Jacket Case (Black) would only fit the M2 as well as the M1. Some people think that the case for the M2 will also fit the M3. It will not. I have tried it. I also recommend the custom camera grip by Richard Franiec (camera accessories by Richard Franiec). This goes for about 35$ and is worth its weight in gold - to me. It is far better than the Sony grip that I used on the M2 for 15$. Its made of metal (anodized aluminium) is sleek looking feels good quality and solid and gives you a good grip on the camera while still maintaining the cameras pocketability (because it doesn't protrude past the lens assembly). Of course with the camera grip added the M3 will not fit in the Sony Leather camera case. So it is either one or the other. So to get around this I ordered another OP/TECH USA Soft Pouch Digital D-Micro (Black) for my M3 which I also have for the M2. And it fits great.If my review was any help with your decision to purchase and I hope I was of some help kindly choose 'Yes' in the comments section below. Thank You. Richard