I was excited when I bought the new Sony RX100M3 Camera brand new from Amazon about 3 months ago.  I used it for a week on vacation and took about two thousand pictures. I have also used it for a couple day trips since then with no issue.  I turned it on last week and to prepare it for my Christmas trip format the SD cards and set some of the presets.  The camera powered on the lens extended but the rear screen would not display text or images.  Also all the buttons stopped working and it seemed to be stuck in movie mode regardless of the dial settings any button I pressed turned on and off record mode.At that point I checked Amazon online to see what the service policy was and where to go for support.  Amazon's site said to contact the manufacturer for questions and/or repair fair enough.  So I called Sony support.  The Sony tech asked me to try a couple things power off and on take the battery out and finally said it sounded like a firmware issue and told me to send the camera back.  He said that Sony would fix it under warranty.I sent the camera in.  A few days went by and Sony called me.  They told me that the camera has some corrosion inside on the circuit boards and said it was probably due to the humidity or moisture that may have entered the camera while in my use. I explained that I take very good care of tech gadgets and know for a fact that this camera was never exposed to any water or moisture.  Apparently corrosion is conveniently excluded from coverage under their warranty.  Anyway they told me that the repair of my camera is going to cost $225.  I could either accept the fee or they would send the broken camera back to me. What was I going to do with an $800 paperweight and I really wanted this camera for Christmas photos.  After trying to negotiate a more amicable solution with no success I agreed to the repair.This was an $800 "TOP OF THE LINE" Sony camera (plus case batteries and other accessories) that I used for one trip owned it for a total of 90 days and now I have to spend another $225 to have it fixed.  I checked online and found a lot of similar complaints about this corrosion issue with this camera and others are in same situation having to pay out of pocket for repair.  In my opinion here are the reasons this camera failed: inferior parts; poor construction; lack of quality control; and the body is not sealed from humidity.  I have gone back and forth with Sony customer support and keep hearing "this is our policy" and "while we would like to help there is nothing we can do".  I asked them to send me pictures of the corrosion which I have not received.  I can see me being charged if this was negligence on my part or if I had dropped the camera in the pool or ocean but this camera has been dry since day 1.  I don't expect every product to be perfect if Sony would just acknowledged the camera was faulty and fix it under warranty I would be happy.I have several other cameras Panasonic Canon and Nikon as well and iPhone iPad etc.  Most are less expensive than the RX100M3 and some more than 10 years old.  They are all still in top working condition except for the Sony RX100M3.Needless to say I am very disappointed in Sony!  The product quality and customer service are horrible!  At one time Sony was the go to company for high quality equipment and you didn't mind paying a little extra for it.  It's just not that high quality company anymore.  If Sony won’t stand behind the products they sell who will?There are far too many quality products on the market to waste your money on this overpriced junk.  It takes great pictures and has lots of features but in my opinion the costs are not worth the risks of getting one with a corrosion issue.This will definitely be my last Sony product!