My DSC-RX100M3 arrived a few weeks ago but I've only a chance to take a few pictures with it.  It is amazingly compact which is what I wanted so that it fits in my pocket and thus more likely to be available when a shot comes up.  Years ago I gave up lugging a monster around my neck.I also wanted a fully articulating LCD screen so that one could protect it from scratches by folding it to face inward (like my old Canon which recently failed R.I.P.).  But alas this one only articulates upward 180º  and downwards 45º -- OK for selfies for shooting from over one's head in a crowd and for use on a tripod to copy documents-- but the screen remains vulnerably exposed in storage (I found a suitable pocket case for it and added cardboard to protect the screen when in pocket).I also hoped to replicate the AA battery size used by my old Canon so that I can buy replacements most anywhere when they go dead at just the wrong time. But again alas the DSC-RX100M3 uses a lithium one only rechargeable while in the camera (~230 minutes to full charge! according to the manual) unless one buys a separate charger.  The stock Sony charger that comes with the DSC-RX100M3 is basically just a not-very-powerful USB charger (output 5 volts at only 0.5 Amps) with no way to charge the battery directly. If plugged into the camera when it is turned on one gets a non-closeable error message that blocks the screen to warn that the charger is not strong enough to power the camera for shooting.So I bought a separate non-Sony charger of output 4.2 volts at 0.6 Amps (Amazon item B00UFQOBI6) that came with two compatible batteries with higher Ampere-hours rating than the stock Sony one.  The non-Sony charger also has convenient foldout parallel-blade prongs for 100-240-volt wall/mains charging plus a 12-volt-plug and cable for car charging.  The spare batteries have worked fine in the camera while the stock Sony one (NP-BX1) was being successfully charged out-of-camera in the non-OEM charger.The greatest feature of the DSC-RX100 series is its compact size but it has little real estate and smooth surfaces that are not conducive to grip it securely especially if one's hands are sweaty on a hot day.  The spot for one's thumb is particularly small.  To avoid dropping this close-to-US$800 item I bought and added some features to make a drop less likely.One accessory was a "Skidproof Hand Grip For Sony RX100"  (Amazon item 111556506274) which is similar to a pricier Sony one.  But one has to be really careful to avoid airgaps if placing it too close to the lens because once it sticks even partially it's very hard to reposition.  I suggest testing the grip's position while temporarily keeping in place the peel-off strip that covers the strong 3M adhesive on its camera-contact side in order to see where it needs to be to get 100% contact with the flat and curvy camera front.But even the grip did not provide enough friction to protect this expensive little camera.  So I also bought 3M Safety-Walk® slip resistant tread (3M part number 7635 or 7635NA) which is sold to provide friction for stair and ladder treads and other potentially slippery surfaces.  I cut it with scissors and carefully applied it to all camera surfaces where fingers are likely to be gripping the camera but would not interfere with its function.  See uploaded photographs.  Given the 3-dimensionality of the grip cutting the tread in one piece that would cover all the grip's surfaces took some trial and error. But it would probably be fine to use separate pieces of the 3M tread tape for the grip.  The tiny thumb-hold spot also needed the increased friction of a piece of 3M tread if it is to be held securely.Now even with slippery sweaty hands I can grip the camera in various ways with less chance of dropping it.  I also added an REI cordlock so that the DSC-RX100M3's cord can be adjusted to fit snugly around my right wrist to allow sturdier access with forefinger to the top buttons.Finally as the the paper instructions booklet that comes with the camera is pretty basic I recommend downloading the full 214-page "How to Use" owner's manual from the Sony website.  This camera is like flying a 747 compared to the instrumentation and features of a Piper Cub so learning its features will be useful even if rarely or never used.  One can easily get into a menu dead-end without obvious way to back out.All in all a great camera.  But with both rechargeable lithium and non-rechargeable lithium batteries now available in standard AA battery format I sure wish some camera company would design a perhaps slightly larger camera to take them as well as a fully-articulating LCD screen that can have its business side folded inward when not needed.  Thus only 4 stars for this one.