Debated whether or not to go with the MKII MKIII or MKIV for a while.  Finally decided on the MKIII because while the extra features like the improved slowmo capabilities at up to 1000fps super fast shutter speed a 1/32000 an improved resolution EVF 4k video recording and generally improved image quality from the stacked CMOS sensor are fantastic they weren’t justified for intended use at the cost of $200 more.  This camera is intended as a high quality point and shoot travel camera and in that realm it succeeds without the added cost for the MKIV.The build quality is fantastic although from my research and what I can tell this camera is not weather sealed which would have of course been preferred.  Other than that the metal construction feels solid the flip out screen feels sturdy enough and the customizable ring is very smooth and functional.  For the most part the buttons are easy enough to press but like others have mentioned the video record button can either be pressed inadvertently or sometimes hard to get to when you need it.The menu is typical for Sony cameras and although I’m used to it having used other Sony cameras I can understand that it would feel a bit clunky to others who aren’t used to it.  For those new to Sony cameras it can definitely take a while to get comfortable and familiar with but it will be in your best interest to learn it and customizing your buttons well.The image quality and video quality are outstanding.  I have not used other high end point and shoot style cameras besides this but I use the A6300 with some decent lenses and I can say that you can take pictures with quality much closer to the A6300 than any other $200-$400 point and shoot.  I don’t want to get into image quality too much because there are a lot of places you can go for very in depth reviews on the image quality but let me just say that it is fantastic.  If you’re coming from a typical point and shoot camera you will be amazed at what this little camera is capable of.Deciding between the MKIII and the MKII was a little difficult as well.  At the time I bought the MKIII the MKII was $250 less.  Part of the reason I went with the MKIII was because of the EVF and the fact that I didn’t plan on using the hotshoe on the MKII.  I’d say for the most part just snapping pictures the LCD screen is fine and easier to use but sometimes there is just too much sun or you really want to look closely and review a shot to make sure you got good focus.  While I steered away from the super slowmo on the MKIV I did want the ability to do some slowmo which the MKIII seemed to have over the MKII.One thing that made it tricky was the fact that the MKIII loses some zoom range going to 24-70(35mm equivalent) from the 28-100 on the MKII.  I do think having better wide angle is more important for this type of camera but it is still somewhat unfortunate for it to lose so much zoon in my opinion.  It does keep the aperture down to f2.8 at 70mm compared to the f4 at the same focal length of the MKII so it does stay pretty bright at the long end which is a major plus for me.There are a few things I’d like to see a little different on this camera.  First off the price is a little high and considering the price drops after the new versions are released I thought this might be a little cheaper.  It isn’t a big deal and you really can’t go into the RX100 line thinking that you’re just getting a point and shoot.Second I would have loved to see a touch screen on this camera.  In fact if the MKIV included a touch screen I would have happily paid the $200 more for a well implemented touch screen.  The touchscreen just makes navigation on the camera so much easier as well as using it to change your focus point.  At the price point I really would have liked to see it but you can live without it.Finally the ergonomics are secondary to style.  They continue with their very minimalist design and while it looks great the metal clad camera is very slippery and small which makes holding comfortably sometimes a challenge.  I bought the adhesive grip sold by Sony for the RX100 and it is great.  It adds a nice bit of rubbery grip to the right side of the camera and it looks great too.  I wish the camera either came like this already or included the nearly $15 dollar grip in the box.  It wasn’t a deal breaker but it would have been a great addition considering the cost.This is not a full in depth review of the camera.  If you want tech specs and a full listing of all of the features there are sites for that because it would take me a long time to go over all of the great features and specs.  This camera is loaded with great features fantastic specs and it produces amazing pictures and video.  What I am trying to do here is tell you why I went with the MKIII considering the MKII and MKIV are both available and are both excellent cameras.  I wanted some slowmo video the better low light capabilities and general image quality and the EVF which the MKII didn’t have but I didn’t need the super slowmo 1/32000 shutter speed and 4k video that the MKIV has.Overall I am very satisfied with my purchase and am very impressed with the photos and video that the RX100 MKIII provides.  I considered giving it 4/5 stars for the reasons I stated but felt that the positives outweighed the negatives by a lot.  If you are not happy with the pictures your standard point and shoot is giving you and don’t really want to take the step to mirrorless or DSLR cameras this is what you’re looking for and I can easily recommend the RX100 MKIII.  Be aware that there are currently 4 versions of the RX100 ranging in features and value.  I will update my review should I find anything else great or not so great about the camera.