This is the camera I have been waiting a looooong time for.I am a professional photographer who does a lot of work overseas. So I find myself traveling with all of my camera gear packed into my Thinktank rolling bag and always have liked to have a small fast camera to use in case I saw something I wanted to shoot. Be it something that just peaked my interest or even if I was on a flight where the flight attendant decided to strip naked swig a bottle of champagne and then deploy the emergency shoot and run away (no that has not really happened on any flights I've been on but you know it could).I wanted to be able to make a picture of something if I needed/wanted to without having to drag my roller out of the overhead and pull a camera out or feeling like the image quality would suffer because of the compromise of having a smaller point and shoot camera. But every other P/S camera I have used over the years left me feeling just that way... it was an image quality compromise either because the sensor was not very good or because the lens was slow or the camera was painfully laggy.So I usually ended up carrying one of my Canon 5d mkIII bodies over my shoulder with the 24-70 on it... which is also not an ideal solution because you have to take it through security and try to keep it from swinging around while carrying bags etc... then you have to find somewhere to put it once you get on your flight.Then I saw this camera... and fell in love with it. The image quality is amazing. It has a sharp and fast Zeiss lens 24-70 f1.8-2.8 fast and accurate autofocus great fps rate (if you need it) and absolutely knockout image quality. I actually used this to shoot some work for a client (alongside my regular pro gear) and a liked a couple of the images so much that they made it into the edit and it is hard to tell the difference between the images shot with pro dslr's and the RX-100M III.This is also the perfect vacation camera or for trips with the kids where I don't want to lug my work gear. It is small and light but is good enough to shoot just about anything that they end up doing on a daytrip/vacation.I have been very pleased with the battery life on this camera. It seems to go an awfully long time for such a small battery.I also like how easy it is to operate settings like exposure compensation flash modes etc. on this camera. It takes seconds and minimal button pushing to reach most of the features one regularly accesses on a small camera like this. Sony really thought this through when designing it.I can't say enough about how good the image quality is. I have not shot the camera in jpg mode only in raw but in some very tricky lighting situations (kids in mid-day sun wearing hats on carnival rides) where you would expect a point-and-shoot to stumble the Sony produces an image with more than enough latitude to burn and dodge a bit to end up with an amazing image. Color looks good as does the contrast. It seems to do a great job with white balance in less than ideal light too.Finally the perfect carry-around small camera to compliment my pro gear has arrived.