I have owned four or five digital cameras going back to about 1999.  Over the years I have seen these cameras evolve becoming more powerful with more capacity and features and at increasingly lower prices.  I have a perfectly good Canon Powershot SX 150 and it takes fantastic pictures although it is a bigger camera than this one. But like all people who are looking to find even more features at a better price-point and also looking for a very thin pocket size camera after doing lots of online research I settled on this Nikon.First of all it is small. It is thin and it has many features that I will not go into as they are readily available in the product description. Suffice it to say that I am impressed by this camera. The photos are crisp the menus are intuitive and making adjustments are straightforward. I will not be using the Wi-fi or video features but would expect them to work very well indeed based on the photos. The zoom. while not exactly earth-shaking is more than adequate for the amateur or serious amateur. If you ant more than 8X and are a serious camera enthusiast get one of the $1K+ big boys.The EN-EL 19 battery is wafer thin and takes a while to charge but holds the charge quite well. I will probably get a backup battery and charger for trips.  The camera took a 16GB SDHC class 10 card without a glitch. I am sure it will provide all the capacity I will need.One last thing The instructions that come with the camera are pretty basic. But as is becoming standard practice you can go to the Nikon website and download the BIG instruction manual.1-22-2016:  I have now had this camera for about 9 months. I recently took on a trip to Hawaii and took around 500 photos at the highest resolution. Also took about 16 minutes of videos. The SDHC micro card  easily handled all this information. My experience is that you can get about 300-350 photos on a single charge.  Beforehand I bought a spare battery and charger to take along. It paid off as there was one time I had run out of juice and changing over to the new battery took about 30 seconds.All in all this is a fine camera. It does as you may suspect have limitations compared to other more expensive cameras --  wish the optical zoom was higher but I do like the thinness of the camera. It fit easily into a small side cargo pocket on my shorts and there was really no bulge at all.  It's a keeper.