My son took a trip to Florida and this little camera came back with some great results.  We just finished viewing all the wonderful pictures that our son took and this helped share the memories our son had on his trip.  I didn't have to show my son much on how to use this camera and we sent him with 10 pairs of batteries because of the poor battery reviews.  He went through only 3 pairs of AAA batteries took close to 400 pictures and about 20 minutes of video.Now the caveat about a camera in this price range is that he took a ton of pictures and when he zoomed in he had to have a nearly flawless grip on the camera or the photo was pretty much worthless.  But he figured it out pretty quick and started to hold the camera with more stability when he zoomed in and he was able to get some very good pictures even while zoomed.  So don't expect this camera to be some super point and shoot magic photo taking machine.  It's a $69 camera that was essentially a "throw away" just in case our son happened to lose it on his first trip away from home.Our son also used it for snorkeling and again there were some bad pictures in the bunch but he took so many pictures that there were plenty of absolutely wonderful and colorful underwater photos.  Again for a $69 camera we are quite happy with the outcome for a 12 year old who has had very little time with taking photos.  I'm sure with a more stable hand and a bit more experience with this little camera the photos could have been even better.Finally he used the camera to take video as well.  The quality of videos followed suit with how stable he held the camera and if he zoomed.  Most of the videos came out wonderful.  Sound quality wasn't all that great but the video he was taking was pretty much of the animals he interacted with.  In fact it grabbed an awesome shot of him feeding a tarpin fish who jumped out of the water and swallowed not only the bait but his entire hand capturing his wonderful laugh and his friends commenting on how awesome that was.  Definitely not HD quality but for a mom and dad who sent their son off on his own for the first time in his life we were able to feel like we shared the experience with him.Absolutely NO regrets on purchasing this camera.  Yes we could have spent double or even triple the amount of money on another underwater camera and perhaps on a future trip we will send him off with a better camera but as a great lesson in responsibility our son showed he could care for this less expensive camera and take some great photos to share with his family.