This is a superb camera the capabilities of which seem to be lost on people who would just judge it as a casual camera. Starting with video: The cameras shoots in UHD 4K video at 100 mbs. The files are sampled at 6K and down sampled to 4K making it very very sharp. The files are not binned or line skipped; you get a full sensor read for every frame which means again sharpness and high image quality. The camera features cinematic profiles including S-Log-2 and every one of the video profiles can be customized with a wide range of parameters which will be familiar to professional videographers (gamma black level knee etc.). The camera also includes a microphone input and an audio circuit unhampered by AGC (automatic gain control) so you can actually set microphone levels to your taste or set a single point that's be calibrated in conjunction with an off camera mixer or digital audio recorder and then you can use physical control knobs on the mixer to even more effectively set levels.I have tested the video from the camera I bought (locally) and found it to be superb. I underexposed a little bit (my fault) and I could see some shadow noise start to creep in at ISO 800 but exposed correctly I would feel comfortable shooting up to 1600 for interviews and up to 3200 for images with lots of detail that might hide noise.Speaking of interviews the camera also features a headphone jack which will help you get better sound by monitoring. Also included is professional caliber time code and the ability to "mark" your screens with "safe zones"  center marks and other guides to composition. In my mind this is a full on professional video camera and one I will use in conjunction with the previous model to do work with for paying clients.Now add to this a full 29.99 minute record time with no over heating and you have the makings of a perfect hybrid camera.But there's more. The lens is amazing and it delivers everything Sony promises. I have samples on my blog site which show amazing sharpness handheld at the 600mm equivalent. Some less well educated reviewers have said that the camera does not really have an f4.0 or f2.4 (at wide) aperture but of course they are dead wrong. What they are trying to say is that one does not get the same depth of field flexibility with smaller sensor cameras. That part is true but rest assured you are not getting a "slower" lens. f4.0 is f4.0 because it always describes a geometric relationship.Moving on. The still portion of the camera is on par with the still capabilities of its immediate predecessor; which is to say Pretty darn good. While it is not a low light monster like a Nikon D750 it does very well with shooting situations that go all the way down to ISO 3200. Is there noise? Of course! But it's not obnoxious unless you underexpose.There is always negativity about the small Sony battery but I've gotten an hour and ten minutes from a freshly charged battery while shooting video (worst case scenario) and that's just a little shy of what I was getting from a Nikon D810 battery when shooting video with that camera.Do not buy this camera if you are imagining that it is small and light. It is not. The physics of the lens preclude that. But it feels good in my hands and the extra space on the grip and the overall surface of the camera is welcome.The still images especially raws processed in Adobe Camera Raw software are great. At ISOs like 80 and 100 they are amazing. Rich color and great sharpness. This is a camera that WILL require reading the manual but it will repay your time with great photo and video files. If you are looking for a tiny and simple snapshooting camera you have definitely landed on the wrong page.The camera is a solid value and something I wanted the minute I read the first press releases about it. If you want to read more about my early experiences with the camera please look for my author's page here on Amazon under my user name. There is a feed from my blog and the entries from May 4th and 5th are the ones cogent to this camera.The images above are handheld and shot from exactly the same location. The first wide shot is the widest focal length while the second image is a shot at the longest end. The image quality delivered at the long end reaffirms the Zeiss reputation. It's a great overall system.