First if you are buying this camera purchase with it an external battery charger and download the full users/help manual from the Sony website.  It comes with neither.  As purchased you can only charge the battery in the camera tethered to a short cable plugged into the wall.  This puts your camera out of action and an opportunity to step on it in a hotel room.  The manual that comes with the camera is like knowing all the bones in the body without any idea how they go together.  The full manual is far more informative.This obviously is not a pocket size travel camera.  But if you've given up carrying a full size DSLR camera and lenses on travel this camera is a happy compromise.  The new 1 inch sensors take remarkably good pictures and the reach of a 600mm lens gives you the shots you might otherwise miss or be too small to be useful.  Yes the pros tell you to move closer to your subjects to get the shot.  Try doing that in a country where people don't like having their pictures taken.  With the reach of a 600mm lens you can shoot across the town square and if your subject notices and isn't happy at least you'll have a good head start. Likewise this camera does reasonably well with wildlife if sometimes a little slow in focusing. Video is excellent although I have not used it for more that a few minutes at a time.You can use this camera in point and shoot mode but presumably if you're looking at this camera you know about all the other DSLR-like functions it has all of which work very well.  Many reviews cite this camera's "confusing" menus.  I found the logic of the menus fairly straight- forward and easy to navigate.  The two function buttons can also be easily customized allowing immediate call up covering almost all travel situations. The panorama mode on this camera actually works but takes some practice to get right.For travel this camera is pretty easy to live with.  Weather sealing is a huge plus especially in dusty or damp environments.  Because it is a relatively heavy camera that you mostly carry around your neck I'd also suggest getting a padded strap to replace the the fairly narrow nylon strap that comes with the camera.  The body and lens are reasonably sturdy and will take the occasional hit without damage. But it is certainly not a ruggedized camera.  I found I get close to the advertised 420 shots before replacing the battery.  Buying a second carry-along battery is strongly suggested.In sum this camera won't fit in your pocket but does a good job of replacing a DSLR camera for lighter travel.