I researched this camera and the Panasonic FZ2000/2500 thoroughly before I bought this one in an open box sale from Best Buy which forgot to include the AC charger and cord but is working on it. I have only had the camera for a day and on it for now will only say 1) the few photos I have taken under adverse conditions have excellent IQ (much better than I expected) and 2) it is heavy so how you hold it must change as the zoom lens extends. I am learning. It is the reviews of the FZ2000 and Rx10iii which concern me. Only Photoreview out of Australia bothered to provide standardized Imatest resolution and noise test results for it and the FZ2000. There it was no contest. The RX10iii won hands down on both notwithstanding the reviewer's rather biased conclusions on IQ. Then read the comparatively lackluster reviews on IQ of the FZ2000 on the B&H Photo site and the CameraLabs site. Also my own experience with Panasonic optics has been lackluster IQ with the FZ70/72 and the FZ200 as well as many smaller zooms. Finally the reviewers of the two cameras spend most of their time describing the cameras' features and saying too little about IQ in a way they back up. Many complain about the Sony's menu system which contrary to them is not a mess but makes most features of the camera accessible by the push of a button if you have the intelligence to figure out how to so set it up. In that regard I found Alexander White's book on the RX10iii cheap in the Kindle version and truly excellent. Other reviewers test for noise but not IQ at many focal lengths. Many clearly do not have a handle on how to operate the camera well. Conclusion: beware of the reviews but read them all. I will comment more on the camera and my use of it later.Follow up: Much better than I expectedIQ is better than Nikon D5300 and D7100 with upgraded lenses on JPEG's. Still haven't tried RAW yet. Smaller than expected but not small. About same size as bulky lensed D7200. But really heavier than expected. Far fewer focusing problems than expected; essentially none. Easy and simple to use; hard and complex to set up correctly. Must learn the manual. Alexander White's book on Amazon is excellent help. Stabilization is much better than on Nikon VR and VRII lenses. Product is pricey.  Highly recommended for all in one camera. The Zeiss lens is a masterpiece of optical engineering. Moon shots taken below were hand held at 1680mm (optical + smart zoom) with 70% enlargements. Unbelieveable for a 24 to 600 optical zoom lens that is excellent throughout its range