I have been the previous owner of the Sony HX series of point and shoots including the 20v 30v and the 50v. While all of them had their strong points and weak points the HX90v has improved its strong points even further while some of the weak points still plague the small sensor. Sony has reduced the number of megapixels from 20 down to 18 improving its signal to noise and dynamic range. You can now do exposure bracketing from +/-3EV where before it was +/-1EV. This opens up a higher dynamic range shooting exposure bracketed images for HDRs. The camera also has an auto-HDR feature which will take three shots for you at the exposure range you set and process it into an exposure balanced image which of course retains you shadow and highlight details. The camera has also been reduced in size but has has new features added such as a popup EVF and a flip up rear LED display for those selfie moments.  It is a marvel of engineering to pack so many features into such a small camera. It also features a movable lens ring that will give you better control over zooming in or out of your scene. Like I mentioned before the small sensor still has problems with noise at higher ISO ranges above 800. Navigating the menu to get at certain features is complex but has a lot of customizations that could be useful. The popup EVF was clearer than I expected from such a small display but totally adequate for shooting in bright sunlight where the main display is totally washed out by the sun. I would have preferred to have had the rear display be able to tilt up or down rather than just flip up. Like the 60v this camera can also accommodate PlayMemories applications which adds more capabilities and automation to help process and/or shoot your photos. You have the ability to wirelessly transfer your images to your smartphone of computer as well as being able to remote control the camera from your PlayMemories Mobile app including settings zoom and remote viewing of the scene before triggering the shutter from your smartphone. The only downside to the apps is that Sony has not updated all their apps to accommodate the HX90v yet.All in all it is s great improvement over the previous models and I look forward into using it a lot more for those times that I don't want to lug my big DSLR around.