Purchased this DSC-HX90V and the DSC-RX100 IV with the same seller and at the same time. The following review (after this one) is about the latter.That said I am happy with the great zoom ability of 30X - about dectuple that of the 1" sensor model. It is of course a tradeoff (in a 'lower CyberShot league') with a small 1/2.3" size but surprisingly in spite of such differences the quality of photography is near that of that other model. Noise reduction is appropriate and does really well on the 18 megapixels something that all other compact 'super-zoom' cameras come nowhere close.Pros:+ Great for distance photography such as wildlife on the lake lunar shots - even at night.+ Decent video quality during the day and zooming is very fast (default setting is normal).+ Unlike the DSC-HX60V model the new 50 mbps codec is available but you must have a supported card. (See cons.)+ Half the price of the DSC-RX100 IV (much better overall value).* Fits easily in even a shirt pocket.* Better battery life than on the DSC-RX100 IV (this is obviously due to processing requirements so this con is acceptable given the laws of the camera's physics).* Excellent focusing ability and accuracy (still a problem on all RX100 models).* Oustanding photo quality found on the DSC-HX60V (even though that model is 20 megapixels).Cons:- Poor video performance in low-light because of the f3.5 aperture (again a tradeoff with the extreme zoom and small sensor size).- Cannot record 4K (this is actually UHD - 4K is true on another camera such as Panasonic GH4).- Cannot take still photos during movie-recording as on the DSC-RX100 IV (does not have the new DRAM chip; stacked sensor).- Flash barely tilts enough for even flash lighting as on DSC-RX100 IV.- Viewfinder needs pulled out after ejection-up unlike DSC-RX100 IV (the image size is far too tiny; you do not even need to do this on that other model).- Must choose high display quality to see WYSIWYG results in photos and videos (this is misleading because the concept is like preview quality over actual render quality in a video editor on a computer).- Very low aperture of f3.5 at wide angle at night (for example clouds passing by stargazing and so forth).- No internal memory (even Panasonic no longer includes it in their upscale cameras) and no memory card; same with the other model.- No still capture during movie-recording.- Need specific card class to shoot in the new 50 mbps movie-record setting (this is not a requirement on Panasonic DMC-FZ1000 even though it caused a rare malfunction yesterday afternoon).- No UHD recording support but a camera of this type would not be powerful enough anyway.I really like this camera and recommend it over the DSC-RX100 IV if you do not do much night videography do not need advanced video capabilities and need great photo quality. Distance shots are the strongest selling point for me on this camera (whether at a park buildings across a lake amusement park close-ups of roller coaster tracks and so on). Even though it may be great for sports shots at a ballgame it probably won't be ideal for clouds rolling on by at night because the aperture is too small. The price is very attractive too. Given the technical compromises for such a small body and retail value I issue this a 5-star review. Great for what it can do and what it cannot do I have no complaints. In most respects I prefer it over the DSC-RX100 IV for most purposes when best quality and wide-angle-only shots (during the day) are less necessary. Be sure to read my upcoming review on that model if you have not already done so. Thanks for reading and good luck.- Matt Eye