I bought this DSC-HX90V to replace my old DSC-HX-9V which recently had a scratch on the lens.  I searched and compared among Nikon Panasonic and Sony.Finally I decided to continue with Sony.  I was particularly concerned about some reviewers' comments on poor low light sensitivity but the low light issue was not my prior experience with the 9V model.  So I ordered it anyway. Today I received the HX90V and I am happy about my decision.  I shot at various light levels and tried at different Scene and Auto settings.  I would like to share my observations here:1. Shooting at very dim indoor lights:  It turned photos into very good photos.2. Shooting at objects placed under dinning table with lights dimmed to minimum: got dim photo just light seen by naked eyes.  When the light turned very slightly righter still dim it triggered much brighter photo.  The trigger level is still low light to me.3. I finally found the difference: 90V has two auto settings on the dial:  Intelligent Auto (Green Symbol on dial)) is not as good as Superior Auto (Yellow Symbol).  Superior Auto took a decent photo when Intelligent could not even produce any photo. Also if the Scene (SCN symbol) is set to Steady Night Shot (Half moon with Palm hand) it will take in more lights than other daylight setting.  So by choosing the Steady Night Shot and then also use the Superior Auto  much better low light photos are obtained.4. Other settings that can produce good photos under very low lights: Set dial at A (Aperture Priority) and P (Program Auto).  These two settings will take a picture with one shutter click sound.  The Superior Auto setting will take a photo with several shutter click sounds.Also I just realized another benefit when I searched the Sony web site.  It provides a free download of Play Memories software which is very extensive in the latest edition.  It will be worthwhile for people who may want to try some fancy work on photography or simply organizing the photos on the computer. It search through the hard drive and organize them under one roof..I would give it a 5 stars if it does not have the following minor issues:1. The On-Off button is level with the body and very difficult to find it in the dark.  Wish it can be found more easily if it can be made more obvious when being searched by finger in the dark. Some difference in vertical height or surface texture will be easier to use in the dark.2. The zoom at 30X may lock onto out of focus scene due to hand vibration and then I needed to pull back the zoom and restart the zoom a few times before it will refocus properly.3. The battery compartment door is very difficult to open and close. Wish it is Slide knob is bigger with more friction for easier opening with the finger.4. My old HX9V will display remaining battery power for how many minutes. The HX90V does not display that information.  That information is very useful to let user know how full is the battery and how much longer usage time is available.Overall so far I like it.