I should probably say first that I am a huge fan of Sony cameras. I have a Sony DSLR and 2 previous HX models.First if you are wanting this camera to perform like a DSLR this camera will not do that. It is still a point and shoot with a small sensor. As long as you are aware of this limitation then you will probably be pleasantly surprised. I purchased this camera mainly for use at concerts going to places like Seaworld video recording my daughters dance performances and just general photography. I do have a DSLR but I find that its size and weight prevents me from using it very often. There is nothing wrong with my other HX models but the 30x optical zoom on this camera in a small body was just too much to pass on.My favorite feature of this camera is the control ring. I thought it would be the zoom but it's definitely the control ring. I find myself shooting in S mode quite often at concerts and the control ring allows me to easily and quickly make adjustments in the dark. This is wonderful!!My least favorite feature is how the pop-up viewfinder works. It pops up but then you have to pull part of the eye piece towards you to get it to work. Its a little cumbersome but not terrible.The size is nice. Since this was going to be my main concert camera size was extremely important. Most venues do not allow any camera with a detachable lens or one where the lens extends beyond a certain length. My larger HX (sorry I dont know the model number off the top of my head but its in the "bridge camera" size range) would often give me issues. I would have to explain that no the lens does not detach but sometimes they still didn't want to let me in with it. I am confident that I will not have that problem with this camera. I know there are lighter and smaller cameras out there but I'm not sure if any of them pack so much into them. The grip took a little getting used to as the body is slightly different than my other HX model but that was nothing significant. The record button for video recording is in a much better position now and can be found easily in the dark.The menus and scene selections are very intuitive particularly if you have ever used a Sony camera before. The battery life is as expected. I had no problems during a 3 hour concert taking stills and videos about 40% of the time.The picture and video quality was what I would expect from Sony and this type of camera. It works excellent in great lighting struggles a bit in low light. I'm not one of those that zooms in at 100% and looks for purple fringing noise and so forth. I also don't do large prints - 8x10 maximum but mostly 4x6. I found the concert images were better than expected. This is really putting the device to its maximum capabilities. I know I'm not going to get perfect images when you zoom in at 30x optical from really far away. But I could tell who I was taking pictures of and wide angle shots caught some really beautiful mood pictures of the overall stage. I was impressed that the camera was able to capture the colors in almost the same hue as I was seeing with my eyes. I've noticed that at concerts cameras tend to not be able to capture the stage lighting well. Purples come out as blue and so forth. With some experiments with the settings this camera did a pretty decent job.The tilting screen is nice to have on such a small camera. I kind of wish that it rotated in the opposite direction so that you could hold the camera above your head and use the lcd screen but this is a minor issue. It worked well for taking a selfie.Overall I am very pleased with this camera. I would definitely recommend it to others.