I got this camera to replace my SX-280 which was stolen. Amazon suggested this as the "newer model" of the same camera. My two main requirements are shooting pictures for my food blog (Canon's color temperature is just right for this across their product line) and taking movies and telephoto stills of kid sporting events. For the latter it's a plus that the zoom is 25x vs 20x for the 280. (By the way whenever I get a new camera I immediately turn off the digital zoom. You don't need that extra noise in your picture. Just use the optical zoom and if you need to get in closer you can edit your photo after the fact.)The reason this review is three stars is that Canon made the terrible decision to remove the settings wheel on the back of the camera (used to toggle back and forth between auto mode shutter priority aperture priority etc) and move those settings several levels deep on the onscreen functions menu. There's a lot of good stuff there--there is now a fisheye mode for example--but you'll have to shoot with the manual at your side to make use of them. The 280 was a point-and-shoot that had additional functionality readily available if you needed it. This is still a good point and shoot but I am afraid most folks (including me) are not going to make the considerable effort to train themselves in the more complex features.Also I was hoping I would be able to use the wireless which never worked for me on the 280. Unfortunately I am on the Apple platform. There is no software available for my OS (10.11) and the touch-and-transfer technology is for Android only. It would be great to wirelessly send photos to my PC but I can't do that.UPDATE: after spending some time with the manual I discovered that Canon has actually removed the Aperture priority and Shutter priority features entirely. Instead you have to choose one of many special programs such as "Nighttime Handheld" which give limited ability to control settings. If you liked the idea of using a very low aperture so only part of your picture is in focus (for example) that's no longer a choice for you.