I was skeptical about this camera when I read some of the reviews.  Those reviews did not show any photos of the camera taking any photos under water only that it takes okay pictures or that the battery compartment where the "micro SD" goes is hard to open.Well they are correct.  The camera has some limitations to what it can do.  Remember your not buying a high end camera only a cheap version of a camera that takes pictures under water.  If you want amazing photos or videos get a GoPro or higher end underwater camera and spend the money.For this camera the picture quality was good if you did not zoom way out on it to infinity.  Zooming to far with this camera gave you less than a quality picture.Now for the reason you bought the camera.  The product review from the manufacture said the camera will work about 10' feet under water.  Well for me I find that a no sale because I was taking a trip that I needed a camera to work at a further depth then that.  Well I took a chance on the camera since it was priced so cheap and would not be a big deal if it didn't work (money is still important for me since it does not grow on trees).  When on my trip and on the sea excursion I took the camera into the water at a depth of over 25' feet.  The camera preformed very will at that depth and I came out with some pretty good pictures.The issue I had and you might have with the camera is it was very hard looking a the screen to see what you were taking a picture of.  What I was taking a picture of was visible in the scree it was just hard to make out details but when I viewed the images after getting out of the water I could see the pictures were there and of what I was pointing the camera at.I did not use the video part of the camera as I did not want run out of battery power while I was in the water because I was in the water well over 20 minutes and did not lose that much battery power just taking pictures.  I did not have the option of leaving the water to get fresh batteries then get back in the water.Now when I viewed the images on my computer later that evening again the images were pretty good.  The images were not the quality you would expect from a say a higher end camera system like the Canon  or Nikon family but the image quality was good.If you are looking at this camera to buy for under water pictures at a cheap price this is a decent camera to have; again for the depth of over 20' feet I was able to take it the picture quality and ease of use.