MY FIRST REVIEW :Had this camera for just over 1 year. When it worked it was great. Unfortunately it was unreliable. About 1 month after using it I began to have issues with the audio. It would stop so I got video without sound. This happened intermittently for a few months. I then returned it to HTC for repair under their warranty. It was replaced and worked fine for a few more months. I also bought the charger base and the additional "H20 protection cap". Well it just stopped working and I am 3 weeks out of warranty. This is the second vacation where I have had no images to save. I actually phoned this past weekend while determining that it stopped working while I had the "H2O" package on in the wave pool. Their rep told me to call back on Monday and thought since it was just 19 days out of warranty that they would allow me an exception. Well that isn't happening. I told them I noticed a few tiny cracks at the base and probably water entered there. The camera was never dropped so unsure how the cracks developed (maybe while screwing in their H2O protection base?) The replacement was out of warranty as they start from the original purchase regardless that I had the replacement for only 4 months. They were not willing to do anything. So two vacations with lost videos/photos the camera cost plus accessories and they feel that I was fairly treated? They would not even accept it back for repair at my expense.  I even asked who else in upper management I could contact and was told nobody. BEWARE!! As you read others comments you will see that many mention cracks that develop without any dropping of the camera........ maybe something defective?UPDATE: I recently purchased my second RE camera within 14 months. The first one developed 2 small cracks at the bottom of the camera. Suddenly it would not turn on. I noticed these during using it with their extra waterproof accessory cap in a wave pool on vacation. The camera was ruined. HTC refused to help since it was 1 month out of warranty (13 months). They claim that I physically damaged it. The camera has never been dropped. The cracks just developed over time. I researched the camera on Amazon reviews and found others claiming the same thing: cracks developed with no dropping of the camera.I really enjoyed the camera and decided to purchase another. I had already purchased the additional waterproof cap/bottom a case and many memory cards so I thought to give it a try again.  On this purchase I bought the extra warranty.  Well I just came back from vacation and while there I noticed a crack in the SAME AREA. The camera works but after finding the crack I was not about to try it in water. Again I have NOT dropped the camera.HTC appears not to recognize a problem with their product. 2 cameras and similar cracks that others also have reported?? It's about time that they address this and not assume that users  have caused the damage by carelessly dropping the camera.Produce a quality product......SEE THE PHOTOS OF BOTH CAMERAS BELOW..........................................BEWARE!!