As a professional photographer who mostly carries a 36 megapixel Nikon D800 SLR I also needed a strong ultra-compact camera for those times when the big camera is just too much or I need to be inconspicuous in my shooting and also for convenient personal/family use. For both uses I find that the RX-100 Model 2 really exceeds all of my expectations.Shortly after receiving it I set up lab tests shooting the same objects at a range of ISO settings using 4 different cameras. I expected the Sony to surpass my older Canon compact which it did easily. The surprise came when I compared the Sony images with my Nikon D7000 SLR itself a very fine camera. The Sony RX100 M2 matched that fine camera at low ISO settings and surpassed it at ISO 1600 and above.This little workhorse also has nearly all the settings one would seek as a serious photographer - 3-frame bracketing manual white balance focus and exposure control aperture and shutter priority 10fps rapid multiple shots and more. Settings are complex though and the manual confusing So while it can behave as a point-and-shoot this camera is best for someone having a good knowledge of sophisticated cameras.I purchased mine with the optional and rather expensive electronic viewfinder that slides into the accessory shoe. It is a great viewfinder and I highly recommend this add-on for those of us who prefer an SLR-like way of holding a camera. And the electronic finder is really better than the usual optical because you are seeing exactly what the sensor sees and there is no mirror slap when you shoot.I don't work much with video but I conducted some tests of this capability anyway - full 1080 at 60P setting. I just went to dinner set the camera on the edge of my table and recorded people coming and going. The results even in the relatively dim restaurant lighting easily exceed my 4-year-old $750 dedicated video camera. The RX200 Model 2 is a winner all around for those who are serious about image quality and features need a pocketable camera and can afford to pay for these capabilities.