I own both the RX100 M2 and the Sony a6000 and let me tell you if you are considering the larger camera go with this instead. The lens selection on the a6000 is small and most of the lenses are extremely expensive. With the RX100 M2 you never have to worry about that.So I became frustrated with my a6000 earlier this year- battery life is not what it ought to be and as I said the lens selection leaves much to be desired even though the image quality is very good. I started researching compact point-and-shoots to make it easier to have something other than my iPhone to take pictures with and I came across the RX100 line.Sony sells all four iterations of the RX100 side-by-side and they all have reasons for and against them. As far as I can tell the entire line is uniformly excellent with some obvious compromises given the form factor. Personally I don't think you can go wrong with any of them but after much research I decided upon the RX100 Mark 2. The reasons are as follows:1. Better sensor than M1 (and the same sensor as M3)2. Wi-fi support3. External hot-shoe4. Longer zoom range than M3 or M45. Great price point6. (Supposedly) Better battery life than the other three iterationsOne of the best things about this camera is that image quality is as good as the a6000; despite what many people believe megapixels aren't everything. The RX100 M2 has a 20mp sensor compared to the a6000's 24mp and the images look just about the same. One area where the a6000 is definitely better (with the right lens) is low-light photography. But obviously a compact point-and-shoot is not designed for that (though this one is more capable than most).The downside with the M2 (like the original RX100) is the lack of a viewfinder; if that's something you need go with the M3 because the optional viewfinder for this model will set you back more than if you just buy the next model up. I do find myself missing a viewfinder sometimes but it's not a deal breaker especially as I had read that some reviewers did not care for the pop-up viewfinder on the later models.This is a compact point-and-shoot so be aware that it's probably smaller than you think it is. If you have large hands invest in Sony's optional leather case (which has quite a snazzy retro look btw). Also the image quality is very very good *but* it is in no way comparable to a mid-range or pro DSLR despite the hype. Sometimes the buzz around Sony's cameras is like that surrounding the iPhone cameras; take it with a grain of salt. This camera will never ever replace a DSLR but what it will do is become your high-quality "walking around"/travel camera.The ability to shoot RAW is frosting on the cake but even if you only shoot JPEG the 1" sensor really shines.I'll be getting rid of my a6000 soon in favor of something from Nikon but this little camera is staying right where it is- in my jacket pocket.