My wife loves taking pictures so I decided to get her a really good camera for Christmas. Now I'm not one of those people who knows a lot about cameras so I can't speak to the technical specifications or anything like that. BUT I am one of those people who obsessively reads reviews and does tons of research before pulling the trigger so hopefully this review will help someone like that. Although if you are like me you'll need more than one review to sway you. Anyway here goes.To begin my camera-hunting process I outlined several criteria that the camera had to meet. I listed them below and explained why this particular camera ticked all of the boxes for me.1.) Image quality has to be better than a smartphone. Otherwise why get an additional camera? If the image quality were similar or even only slightly better than her iPhone she'd end up using the iPhone. I guarantee it. So far this camera has delivered. The image quality is incredible. Super sharp professional looking pictures. Wife loves it.2.) Camera has to be small. Small enough to fit in a purse. She's not going to be one of those people who wears a giant DSLR around her neck. When we travel we walk around a lot so a compact camera was key. This camera is a little thicker than a bar of soap. Perfect for throwing in a clutch which is a purse you put inside another purse (or something). Wife loves it.3.) Easy to use. I know my wife won't use it if it's overly complicated or frustrating. She's not a technophobe but she does get very frustrated when things aren't simple. So far this camera has been super simple to use. I mean it's a point and shoot. The auto-focus setting is easy and she's just starting to figure out all the other bells and whistles. All without ever cracking the manual. Wife loves it.4.) WiFi. She likes to share pics on Instagram and Facebook so this was crucial. I originally ordered the RX100 but then returned it for this one. If WiFi isn't that important to you stick with that one. We played around with it a little and the image quality is very similar. If it is important go with this one. Side note: I thought you had to connect both the camera and the phone to your home WiFi to transfer pics but I was mistaken. There is WiFi IN THE CAMERA. So you connect your phone (or laptop or tablet) to the WiFi in the camera. This means you can transfer pics ANYWHERE. This may have been obvious to you but it was a pleasant surprise for me. Sharing is super easy and fast. Again I wanted a camera that made sharing easy. A lot of the WiFi enabled cameras I looked at got poor reviews in that area. Not this one. Wife has been sharing like a champ. Needless to say wife loves it.So if you're looking for a camera that fits any or all of these criteria go ahead and pull the trigger on this one. Or be like me and read a thousand more reviews first.