I do fine art photography and my regular camera is a D800. I got this because I wanted something to carry around all the time not just when I was specifically on a photo shoot. This little thing is impressive not just impressive for its size but just darn impressive. While it doesn't have the flexibility that my bigger DSLR's have when used properly the image quality is absolutely good enough to make big prints that are plenty good enough to show in a gallery.Now for why I didn't give it 5 stars...For the price it's missing a couple of things. I understand why something like the optical viewfinder or the filter adapter would be extra cost accessories although I'm not sure I understand the pricing on the optical viewfinder. But no external battery charger? C'mon...The camera doesn't have enough battery life to last for a full day of shooting. A $750 camera aimed at advanced photographers should have a battery charger so that I can charge one battery while shooting with another.The other thing is the manual. It's a useless pamphlet that doesn't really even cover the main features of the camera properly. The help button on the camera itself is useless as well. For example if I go to the aspect ratio screen and push the help button I get "sets the aspect ratio." If that's all the help you're going to provide why bother with the button at all? Message to Sony...a good firmware upgrade for this camera would be to add help button messages that are actually helpful.The last thing is that when I'm using Auto-ISO I can't tell what ISO I'm actually shooting with until after I've taken the shot. The display tells the aperture and shutter speed and that I'm using Auto-ISO but it doesn't tell me which ISO it has chosen. Since I print big I'd like to have some idea how much noise is going to be in the image before I go banging away and shooting a bunch of shots that aren't usable because of ISO noise. UPDATE: A commenter helped me figure this out.  You have to hold the shutter button down halfway then the actual ISO will display. I wish the manual said something about that.UPDATE 2 (Nov. 27 2013): Now that I've had it a month and shot with it a lot I'll add a couple of things. I still give it 4 stars with pretty much the same pluses and minuses. It's small enough that I use it a LOT much more than my D800 because I carry it with me everywhere. The ability to carry it everywhere has opened up whole new areas of photography that I hadn't really explored before. Image quality is still impressive for a compact. The poor manual is still poor. There are still features of the camera that I struggle with like how to make the different autofocus modes work correctly which are not addressed in the "manual". The other thing that caught me by surprise is how it behaves when the battery runs out. The display says that the battery is full until it is about to run out. Then pretty much without warning it runs completely dead and stops working usually leaving the lens sticking out and the lens cap open. I've taken to carrying a USB cable in my pack so that I can get enough charge from my laptop to turn the bloody thing off when I run the battery dead.