I purchased this used because I wanted a smaller camera that could shoot in RAW format.  I am by no means a pro just an avid enthusiast.  My passion is the night sky.For that I usually use a Canon 60Da--with lenses not a telescope.  As others have pointed out sometimes less is more and I needed a little "less" bulk to do much the same thing.  The Canon is supposed to be used at night not during the day because it has an IR filter modification.  I've been using a Sony HX400V that I really like for daytime shots.I don't want to imply that this camera can replace the Canon 60Da:  the Sony only goes to F11 in aperature; and ISO settings are limited.  However  as I drive around during the day I sometimes spot sites I want to visit at night;  in those cases I'll come back with this little camera and take some quick "proof" shots--which tell me in 1 or 2 shots whether this is a good place to shoot at night.  This is very useful and time saving--it's it's no good I haven't dragged out my big Canon or my big tripod.I take a few road trips a year; carrying both the Sony and the Canon; I thought this might be able to replace the larger Sony especially on long road trips;  and also complement the Canon on night sky shots.I'm not giving up the Canon--it has more incremental technical abilities than the RX100 but I wanted to downsize even more from the HX400 and I wanted to be able to shoot in RAW format whenever I could.  So far  I am very impressed.  Because of it's f1.8 and 10.4 lens (in reality) I wondered how well it would do on the night sky even though that was not the reason for buying it. In manual mode on a Bulb setting with a wired remote (yes I have the Smartphone app and it works also) it should work--and it does a good job.One of the night sky issues is focusing in manual mode:  It was easy--very intuitive--much more than my larger Canon.  Very sharp on stars.The camera buttons are small--even for my small hands.  And they are nearly flush with the body.  That is taking some time to get used to.The manual that comes with it is not as helpful as I'd like:  I recommend a book by Alexander White-- "Photographer's Guide the RX100 II".  It has been extremely helpful.  For example the RX100 II has a memory recall feature--you set up the camera the way you want it and then you put in Memory.  You dial MR up and pick your setting.  It works very well for me to be able to call up my manual mode on the fly.  And that is but one of the easy to use features.The camera has a small built in flash--don't expect much beyond 8-10 feet for any small camera.  I did some research and the best TTL (through the lens--automatic) add on flash I found was the Neewer 320.  Not as cheap as a manual flash but I wanted the TTL advantage.  Believe it is also sold under other names.  This add on flash provide a little more "oomph" in your lighting.  It also works with the Sony HX400 so that was a big plus.There is also a few aftermarket lens kits--Sony makes one as well. That is if you want to add other lenses:  UV CPL ND etc.Surprisingly--this camera doesn't seem to have the "PlayMemories" functions that others do. At least I can't find a way to make it work.  When connected to the computer it loads the pictures normally you just can't download apps to the camera.  This surprised me because Sony seems so invested in this product.The Wifi works well -- I have to keep reminding myself that the *camera* generates the wifi signal and the phone connects to the camera.  My phone is used as a hotspot -- in my mind it's the phone generating the wifi.  Once you turn off the mobile hotspot and turn on the phone's wifi connection is no problem.I am using a Sony 128GB SD card in this--putting the card in a PC then using it in the camera seems to give the camera problems.  Not the first time I've seen this with a Sony product.  I transfer all my pictures to an external drive and catalogue them.  Sometimes my Dell PC doesn't read the card.  Right now I'm using a USB card reader and that seems to work on the PC.My camera came with the LCD glass screen attached (I like this).  It also came with a CamRon case which is functional and stylish.  You want to do everything you can to protect your investment.  I wish the camera had a "LoJack" application.This is the best point and shoot camera I've ever owned and I intend to keep it for a long time.  I highly recommend this camera.I've provided some images.  If you've never seen what "processing raw" can do:  The first four on the golf course I used a tactical flashlight to "light paint" as was the street scene with the clouds coming in--processed via PhotoShop Elements 13. The last two pictures are the same exact picture (I mean the exact same photograph):  the next to the last one is the unretouched JPEG  (i shoot RAW and JPEG -- this creates two files; and the last one is the JPEG created from the RAW image in PhotoShop Elements 13.  The streak in the sky is an airplane--but you couldn't see it until it was processed.