First let me say that the B700 has some really nice glass. The zoom is incredible. However the Nikon menus leave much to be desired. They are a bit confusing with a lot of modes and settings being buried in odd locations. Part of my frustration has to do with the fact I'm coming off the Nikon D5100 where most camera modes/functions are a LOT more "convenient" and intuitive. Another frustration and one that Nikon should be ashamed of is the viewfinder. It desperately needs a rubber eye-cup. The viewfinder currently sits behind a flat HARD piece of plastic and there is a cheesy square cut out to look through (COME ON NIKON!!!). If it's bright outside the sun is gonna blind you because you can't seal it out on the flat plastic plus it's just plain uncomfortable.....a bit of thought regarding comfort and usability would have been nice. Nevertheless this camera is lighter than any of the pro body cameras and that is what I wanted. It's easy to grip and use the zoom. The flash is adequate in close pictures but a hot-shoe would have been great........or even a Bluetooth function to control an external flash. A cheap software fix that was ignored. Of course many of the speed-lights today will trigger off the camera flash or can be controlled manually............but that's a pain. One other thing that is missing is a lens hood..........Nikon............you know it needs it! Now I have to go by a cheesy rubber one.Let's talk focus! There are several focus modes and most are spot on especially the single point focus. Nevertheless personally I would have preferred the "manual focus" to be usable in all modes.....not an option but you can use it in M mode.. You can assign some functions (such as manual focus) to buttons on the camera which is helpful. I made the zoom on the lens act as manual focus. Which works perfectly......in M mode.The zoom truly is extraordinary! The pictures below (pic 1 - horses are in the distance over the hill) were taken at dusk and the subjects were almost 3/4 of a mile away. I did not have a tripod and due to the low light (and my shaky hands) there was a small amount of digital noise. As you can see the camera can take acceptable pics at great distances. I did not use RAW mode in this instance but if you have a EXTREME PRO memory card (at least a Class 10 SDXC UHS-I Memory Card or you're gonna have some REAL problems with this camera in video and RAW modes) then I HIGHLY recommend using the RAW + F mode. Yes the files are large but the quality is astounding and batch editing is a dream! If you can't afford Adobe products then check out Coral PaintShop Pro and AfterShot Pro.........for less than $50 bucks each you can do almost anything Adobe Lightroom can do with RAW or JPEG files.As a disabled amateur photographer I have enjoyed being free from  carrying 25lbs of lenses speedlights filters batteries and converters with me but If your looking for studio quality pics out of the box with this camera then you might be better off with something else.  Every camera takes time to get the feel of so I expect my pics (and the frustration with the wonky menus) to get better. For the money you can't beat this camera!