Boy oh boy have I been waiting for this camera! As a previous owner and lover of the Nikon Coolpix P610 and a current owner of a Canon SX60 HS I was dying for Nikon to remedy the main flaw of the P610 by adding RAW file capture to its successor. That's really what the P610 was missing and almost the only reason I sold my P610 and got an SX60 HS instead. So the day Nikon announced the B700 my order went in at Amazon and I got to wait around for about half a year... :(I must put my review into perspective so people know exactly where I'm coming from. I have a lot of cameras that do all kinds of things. PNS (Point-And-Shoot) to waterproof all kinds of DSLRs pro bodies and glass etc. I am NOT buying this camera to do a little bit of everything nor did I get it as a travel camera. I got this camera as many others have/will solely to shoot wildlife/nature at full telephoto wide open aperture preferably at base ISO of 100 with VR on in full sunlight shooting in RAW with the intent of post-processing later. Sure I'll shoot other things with it and not all my shots will be at the above settings. But that is why I bought it and that's the primary aim of this review. I’ll start with a Novice Review followed by Pros & Cons assuming Advanced photographic knowledge then Summary then descriptions of my sample photos.NOVICE REVIEW:The main reason to consider this camera is because of its mega-telephoto lens! It certainly has a lot of reach! Unfortunately I’m going to have to be a bit of a buzzkill here. At/near full telephoto the VR (Vibration Reduction) simply is not good enough to truly eliminate camera shake. Make no mistake this is a superb lens capable of razor sharp photos even at full tele. But in real life pointing and shooting (automatic modes) at full tele is going to yield somewhat sharp to straight-up blurry results. Ironically this PNS camera requires advanced technique to actually harness the capability that is its main selling point; mega-telephoto.From full wideangle (24mm equiv.) to around 500mm-ish equiv. it will routinely capture super-sharp beautiful colorful images. JPEG compression (even JPEG FINE) is quite aggressive so pixel-peeping at 100% will be less than spectacular. But for making prints 18”x24” JPEG Fine should easily work well enough.If 4K video is a main reason you’re getting this camera think carefully about that decision. The B700’s 4K video like its JPEGs is overly compressed and sound is very hissy. So watching on a Samsung SUHD TV wasn’t very inspiring. Quality 1080p video upscaled to a 4K TV will easily look better.There is a plethora of special modes. Star Trails should be a fun one and Selective Color is something I’ve always enjoyed playing around with. HDR is now buried in a Menu called “Backlighting.” Once you find and enable HDR it works pretty well.This camera commands such a price because of its really really long lens and its ability to capture images in RAW format. If you don’t intend to shoot RAW (only good for post-processing in Lightroom or similar) then this camera’s predecessor (Nikon P610) is much better as it is very nearly identical has built-in GPS and far superior VR and costs less. And if you’re buying this camera for the mega-telephoto don’t. The VR just is not good enough to freeze at full tele. If you NEED this much telephoto AND RAW consider the Canon SX60 HS. Or consider waiting until Canon releases the SX60 HS’ successor or until Nikon releases the P900’s successor. Otherwise consider a much less expensive and smaller(!) camera with fewer megapixels. 20MP is too many for such a tiny sensor and low-light/high-ISO performance suffers too much because of those unnecessary extra Megapixels.PROS:1) This lens really does have truly exceptional glass in it. Given proper disciplined technique razor sharp (in the center) results are obtainable all the way through the zoom range.2) Bokeh is very pleasing. A very nice bonus at this price point.3) RAW files! I was pleasantly shocked to see that a 3-stop push from ISO 100 is virtually indistinguishable from proper exposure at ISO 800! Pushed 100 is just as grainy and noisy as properly-exposed 800 but not more and color doesn’t shift at all. Very respectable usable latitude here.4) Continuous High frame advance seems REALLY fast! Seems much faster than the claimed 5fps.5) Having the EVF (Electronic Viewfinder) automatically turn on and off when something approaches the EVF is very convenient. Though the EVF sensor is too sensitive and activates at around 3 inches. ½ inch to 1 inch would be ideal.6) The grip is very well-shaped and textured. It’s as secure a grip as I’ve come across and DSLRs could learn from it.7) Very small and lightweight considering the extreme zoom range!8) The articulating screen will come in handy every now and then.9) Snapbridge makes instant GPS data transfer from phone to camera as simple as turning your phone’s GPS on. Far better than Nikon’s old Wireless Mobile Utility but still not nearly as good as built-in GPS.10) Though tiny the EN-EL23 battery has good capacity. I shot over 200 pictures about 2/3 RAW-only and about 1/3 RAW+JPEG Norm with about 30 flash pops and and a fair amount of photo reviewing and the battery still indicated full. Of course it wasn’t truly full but even with true 1/3 remaining capacity that’s solid. If you need more battery capacity than that carrying a spare battery barely takes any space in your pocket or bag.CONS:1) VR is simply inadequate for full tele. Even with VR on full tele is going to require shutter speeds of about 1/1000 to achieve feather fur or eye detail. Even on stationary subjects. Or flash will need to be used to eliminate blur. Unfortunately flash is too weak to illuminate beyond about 6 feet or so at full tele at ISO 100 and that is just about minimum focus distance. VR will get you quite sharp results down to about 1/125 but prevents perfection. Turning VR off and tripod-mounting is the way to let this lens impress you at full tele but that’s not practical for birds or any wildlife.2) ISO performance is poor at/above ISO 400 depending on your tolerance. Lightroom +10 Color Noise Reduction takes care of the color noise but luminance noise can take a good deal more work.3) While potentially extremely sharp and bright in the center the edges and corners in particular are quite soft and the light falloff is noticeable.4) RAW file size is unnecessarily large. Each and every B700 .NRW file will be 32283KB (32MB). Seems like uncompressed RAW. Even my 24MP D610's .NEF files are generally only around 25MB and they have more processing latitude.5) 1/4000 shutter speed is not available at longer focal lengths. At full tele wide open at F6.5 the fastest shutter speed is 1/2000.6) OMG no dynamic Auto Minimum Shutter Speed for Auto ISO that factors focal length??? Even worse is that the Minimum Shutter Speed you manually enter cannot be faster than 1/125! This means that Aperture Priority mode is unusable at full tele unless you’re well-braced and shooting stationary subjects with bright sunlight or flash at 6'.7) Reviewing photos is unbelievably inconvenient as zooming the image across the full screen is not possible from the one Display that shows EXIF data. So after viewing the EXIF data you must press Display twice in order to get to the right Display to properly zoom the review image. Then 2 more presses of Display to get back to EXIF. And there is about a second of lag each time you press Display. Repeat this process for every image you wish to review. Infuriating…8) The menu system is maddening! There is no Custom Menu nor is there a Quick Menu like Canon has for its Powershot cameras. When Nikon falls behind Canon in menus there’s a huge problem…9) Changing Shooting Modes results in a graphic that takes up 1/3 of the screen and stays on for about 4 seconds and there is nothing that can be done about that.10) Focus points positioned on smaller distant objects tend to focus not on what they should. I use AF Area Mode “Manual Spot.” I put that spot on a face about 60 feet away at 500mm equiv. and it will focus on the background. Doesn’t matter where the spot is in the frame it will miss very regularly.11) No AF-C (Continuous Focus). I cannot tell the difference between and AF-F and PRE-AF. They do the same thing as far as I’m concerned. But regardless of whether you choose AF-S AF-F or PRE-AF focusing will lock and stop when the release button is pressed halfway. Therefore you will always have to either stab the release button (if you weren’t touching it) or release and then stab (if you were holding it halfway) when you wish to shoot. Then the camera will re-focus and then shoot. This is at best a ¼ second lag and that is an eternity at 1440mm equiv. shooting wildlife. The workaround is to shoot in Continuous High release mode and routinely fire 5 shots in a “spray and pray” method. That’s about 161MB per burst and there will be tons of wasted shots and still very many missed shots.12) Phantom aperture closures. I don’t know how this happens but I often find that I’m shooting at F7.2 or some other F-Stop that is closed down often by more than a full Stop from wide open. I almost exclusively shoot in Aperture Priority and make it a point to stay wide open with this camera but somehow aperture keeps on stopping down. It is not like me ever to accidentally turn a dial. I suppose it’s possible that’s what’s happening here but it doesn’t seem very likely at all. With ISO needing to be as low as possible this is a big problem.13) No real filter threads. A 52mm filter can be mounted but the threads are barely biting and the filter is easily knocked off.14) JPEG compression is too high. But you should be getting this camera strictly for RAW (otherwise get the P610 for JPEG) so…15) On the first day I used the B700 I was trying to shoot something in Macro and the lens hunted back and forth and finally made a bad plasticky grinding sound (gears?) for a few seconds and then stopped. I power cycled and to date that has not happened again.16) No built-in GPS.17) No battery charger??? OMG! Charging via Micro USB plugged into the B700 (like you would a phone) and it is a painfully slow charging process. Nikon wants $45 for the MH-67P battery charger but you can get an aftermarket generic one for around $10 and you’ll need one.18) No hot shoe to use a real flash. The Canon SX60 HS has a hot shoe...SUMMARY:Breaks my heart to say but I like using my Canon SX60 HS far more due to the vastly superior menus/accessibility and image review process. The SX60 HS also has better low-light performance/shadow detail and is about the same in terms of real life full tele RAW performance. If tripod-mounted with Stabilization off the B700’s lens blows away the SX60 HS’ but nobody will ever shoot either of these cameras in this fashion. I have many gripes with the SX60 HS. Unfortunately even more with the B700. If the B700’s VR was as good as the P610’s I would be willing to tolerate the many shortcomings of the B700 which in all fairness are carryovers from the P610. Alas this 6ish-month delay for the B700 wasn’t worth it to me and I’ll be returning mine to Amazon for a refund. I’m waiting for the Nikon P900’s and Canon SX60 HS’ successors. :(SAMPLE PHOTOS:Photo 1 & 2) Okay so below you'll see a full-face photo of my kitten and the eye photo is a tight crop taken from the same photo. It was shot handheld with VR on indoors about 10-feet (3m) from the subject in RAW (.NRW) full telephoto 258mm (1440mm equiv.) ISO 100 wide open at F6.5 1/500 flash on with -1/3 stop exposure compensation pre-dialed-in. The full-face photo is only slightly cropped as it was not quite centered. Both photos were downsized to 1440x1080 pixels for upload to Amazon. In Lightroom 6 my workflow was: Exposure +1.00 (It was totally underexposed to start with) Contrast +25 Highlights -20 Whites +10 Vibrance +20 Saturation +10 Orange Saturation +5 Green Saturation +30. Sharpening stayed at default value of 25 no image straightening lens correction vignette correction noise reduction or chromatic aberration correction. I did a little extra work specifically to the eyes.Photo 3 & 4) Kahlua bottle was shot at full telephoto at 1/5 second ISO 100 tripod mounted with VR off and converted from RAW to 1440x1080 JPEG with no editing whatsoever and then a tight crop from the center of the frame. I think focus was slightly off and that's why it's not sharper. Still pretty good.Photo 5 6 & 7) Contrary to my "wildlife in sunlight" style the bedding photo is a test of Macro and high ISO. This was RAW zoomed full wide at minimum focus in Macro Mode at ISO 3200 1/200 wide open at F3.3. There have been no lens corrections or noise reduction actions. The inside of my 52mm filter can be seen sharply vignetting the corners. As the close-ups show there is a fair amount of color noise in the brighter areas and a lot of color noise in the shadows. +10 Color Noise Reduction in Lightroom removes all color noise (I haven't provided that sample).Photo 8) This "daisy" was shot through a window screen hence the echoed image and soft dreaminess. It is very cropped down and represents only about 1/3 of the full frame. RAW full tele handheld with VR on ISO 100 1/1000 F6.5 edited in Lightroom.Photos 9 & 10) Lazy cat... ISO 800 straight RAW conversion to JPEG; no editing at all. Highlights are clipping. The eye close-up is a straight crop from this frame.Photo 11) This lens suffers from flare and ghosting a little too often.Photos 12 & 13) Full frame of a tiare (Tahitian gardenia) and stamen/pollen close-up cropped from it. RAW ISO 100 handheld VR on F6.5 1/2000 full tele 1440mm equiv. This is about as sharp as this lens can get at full tele with wide open aperture handheld with VR on and no flash. As the tight crop shows individual pollen grains are discernible though not super-well defined. Still as I'm even critiquing it the way I would professional gear is great praise for this lens indeed! It's just that it takes too much work to coax the best out of this lens at/near full tele and suitable real-life subjects will be rare and it will be luck that is the real reason for razor sharp shots at full tele.Photos 14 & 15) The green box with books behind it was shot at F5.3 1/8 second in both photos and they are both tight crops representing about 10% of the full original size. The first shot was at ISO 100 and was 3 stops underexposed and then 3 stops were added back in Lightroom. The second shot was properly exposed at ISO 800 with no editing at all.