This camera was pretty disappointing for our use. I bought this to use at my work after comparing its reviews to similarly priced cameras online. We just wanted something simple that took decent pictures of test setups and products. This camera actually takes pretty good pictures of distant things or places probably people too but I've never tried. It may work better for different applications but if you want to take close-up images of things please continue to read this review.There are several issues with the picture quality:1. Every picture is noisy. There's just noise everywhere. You cannot zoom in on anything once you put the image on the computer screen because anything that looked even mildly in focus is not and becomes noisy immediately. Using the camera's zoom on anything closer than 10 feet away causes it to not be able to focus which brings me to the next issue.2. This picture is terrible at taking close-up images. I have to take pictures of PCBs sometimes or metal housing to identify any issues and this just does not like to take close up pictures. It will not focus on anything and the menus are no help.3. The menu options and navigation are terrible. For example there is superior auto intelligent auto and program auto for mode selection. I hope you like auto. Not sure which auto is the best auto they almost automatically do the automatic same thing automatically. I honestly can't imagine a design meeting where someone said "we're going to have program auto where they can adjust a few options but then we'll have intelligent auto and superior auto two modes that are so close and ambiguous in naming convention that the user will never know which one is the best choice at any particular time."4. The port cover over the micro-USB port broke after about 5 uses. It has the smallest plastic tabs imaginable that are supposed to clip in and hold it "closed". Well they broke off so the whole port cover just sticks out a half inch from the camera and is a minor annoyance unless you want to literally break the whole thing off.I have attached a photo example of trying to take a close up picture. Sadly that is about as clear of a close-up as this is capable of. Notice the noise around everything that is not dead-center in the image then zoom in and see that it's there too and nothing is actually clear. For an 18.2MP camera I expected to be able to zoom in on a picture and not have it instantly look like I'm wearing someone else's prescription glasses.