First of all I am picky about phones tablets...all electronics. Being a techie type I researched many phones before I decided to purchase this G4 Play...And after using this phone every day all day long I have discovered that this was the best choice of a phone for me.Well I have written my review as if I were you reading reviews trying to decide to buy this phone or not...PROS:+ MICRO SIM CARD -- While Nano Sims are gradually being the standard SIM size and are the size for newer phones I still like this size.Note to Nano SIM users: You can install a Nano SIM in this phone IF you carefully place it into an adapter or just go to your phone store and they can move your info from your Nano Card to a new Micro SIM card. Be sure you have a new Micro SIM with you in case they do not have one. Amazon sells Micro Sims.+ Size Weight and Comfort of the Phone...This 5 inch screen weight of the phone comfort while holding this phone are some major reasons why I bought this phone. I had a huge 5.5 Samsung J7 (2015). It was too big for my small hands and very uncomfortable to hold. And because the G4 Play is a lighter weight phone and not bulky I am love this!This phone fits my hand perfectly and comfortable to hold.+ Memory/Storage has 16GB Internal however after OS and factory apps 10.6 GB left. External card slot can handle up to 256GB.There is no bloatware...pure Android experience...About twenty one essential factory Installed apps including Phone and Help. Most of the apps are Android / Google Apps. Only about six Motorola apps which includes the Camera File Manager FM Radio Phone Settings and Calc.  Motorola allows Android and Google to supply just the Apps you need however later on you can install Apps you like as there is plenty of room left.  Below is a list of Google / Android Apps pre-installed on this phone:* Calendar (Google Calendar)* Clock (Google Clock)* Contacts (Google)* Chrome Internet Browser* FM Radio App (Moto installed this on this phone no Internet needed...real FM Radio)* Google App* Google Maps* Google Music* Hangouts (Google)* Messenger (Google Messenger for Texts and MMS (Picture or Video Messages).* Photos (It is a Photo Gallery by Google).* Play Movies/Play Music* Playstore* Settings (Android Settings)Because I just installed Apps I wanted like Facebook Twitter PrinterShare and other large Apps I still have 8.25 GB Internal Storage now left if I want to add more apps later on.+ Memory & Storage Size & Speed ... The Internal Memory and RAM are adequate and I find the phone runs plenty fast and for me no lagging never freezes. A very peppy phone in my opinion.+ Marshmallows 6.01 installed  and promises to  later update to Nougat 7 OS when available.  This I am very happy about because my Samsung J7 M model has yet to update to Marshmallow it still has Lollipop. Other J7 models should get it but I am not sure J7 M model my old one ever will.+ Camera...It is just 8MP however I took inside and outside pictures and they came out very clear in my opinion. This is much to my happy surprise.+ Screen Resolution/Special Screen Information - For me personally I find the resolution (at 294 PPI - Pixels Per Inch) excellent as the colors in the screen are very bright and vivid and very clear! In fact webpages and my Kindle Reading app are just stunning on this phone! *All of my pictures and videos are crystal clear with this phone.***OUTSIDE VIEWING in Direct Sunlight with this screen...  OK if I turn the screen slightly to the right because the Brightness NITS are about 400 Nits so this is good (adequate). Some more expensive phones have at least 500 Nits...some have close to 700 Nits of brightness. The higher the Brightness Nits the easier it is to see your screen in bright sunlight. * There is no way to increase the Nits on this phone but I could view it somewhat in direct sunlight.+ WiFi and 4G (LTE) (Internet)Info:WiFi Connects to any WiFi and the signal strength is excellent (even in the very back of my home and outside) most of the time I have 4 bars (outside is 3 bars).LTE (Data) When not near a router or WiFi hotspot then I use LTE (Data) for Internet. The LTE on  this phone is LIGHTENING FAST when I use data.* Note: At home I use WiFi on my secured Router with a password. However when I travel I use LTE Data on this phone as it is much more secure tha a Open WiFi Hot spot at say a cafe etc. This way I know I feel more secure on the Internet.+ OTG – This phone supports On the Go with the micro USB port so I can add a 256 GB flash drive with my office files pictures etc and the phone easily reads these files.+ Temperature of the battery and coolness of this phone - This phone and battery runs very cool with the Snapdragon 410 processor (the 600 & higher Snapdragon processors on other devices can run hot). With this phone's 410 cool processor the normal temp and most of the time it is running at 78 F degrees to 87 F degrees. When I download lots of apps or play games it may get up to 90 degrees for a couple of minutes but goes right down to normal temps. I have run many programs on this phone and it DOES NOT OVERHEAT. I have read that some newer smart phones will sometimes get up as high as 112 degrees this one for me has not done this.It is important to keep a phone running cooler as it will prolong the life of the phone and it is easier on the battery as well.+ Phone call Clarity/Loudness etc. - Loud enough speaker and sound is very clear best phone I used..No matter what my location using this phone for phone calls the clarity of calls is loud and clear whether on the phone's speaker headset or speaker.The front speaker on this phone is plenty loud...better than my Samsung J7 was!+ BATTERY LIFE: This phone has given me the very good battery life. And I use 100% brightness. For me even at 100 brightness if I use WiFi or Data just when I need it and then turn it off I get close to all day into the night on one single charge! (I charge nightly and the phone is at 100% ready to go the next morning). Also to save battery I turn off WiFi or Data and tap the ON OFF button (put to sleep). This way I use my phone into the night on a single charge.+ EXTERNAL SLOT FOR MICRO SD CARD (UP TO 256GB SD CARD) - This helped to sell me on this phone as I can add my personal music photos videos and more to this phone! (I placed a 64GB SD Card in this phone and I still have room left).*Keep in mind where External SD cards are concerned: Many apps can be moved to External SD card. Not all. See this article:http://www.techdroider.com/2016/02/how-to-move-apps-to-external-sd-card-on-marshmallow.html?m=1By default the apps go to your Internal storage.Actually the External SD card is meant for your personal files: music videos photos and other files. When you install apps from Playstore they install in your phone internal storage. Personally I do not have gaming apps or tons of apps so my apps are still in Internal Storage and I have plenty of space left for more apps later if needed.+ G4 Play Prints pictures and documents! I print pictures PDF documents Documents and more right from this phone! I have an HP Envy 4500 Wireless Printer...then I installed PrinterShare from the Playstore...I paid 10 dollars for the Premium version as the free one did not work as well. If you need more info regarding the Printing on Moto G4 Play please ask me in comment section.+ Music Player..The installed player is Google Play Player however I did not like it as it used too much battery/memory so I went to Playstore and installed the free Rocket Player...this uses very little battery and memory and has lots of themes easy to make Playlist etc.+ MS Office...I installed free from Playstore WJS OFFICE as I need use this 100 percent compatible MS Office compatible on the road. Works great for me. I highly recommend this free Office app.+ Reading/Creating/Editing Word Excel Text Files and much more on this phone: I downloaded a FREE APP called WPS Office (free) which I use for Office files (it reads edits and creates Office files). And it also reads PDF eBooks so there is no need to download a separate PDF Reader app. *This is a MUST have if you have to read PDF or Word Docs etc my docs are crisp and clear using this app.+ Bluetooth Speed and Performance - The Bluetooth paired quickly with several devices and copied files at a great rate of speed.+  Watching Videos online...I use an app called Internet free from Playstore and also Chrome and I watch online videos by pressing the big white arrow in center of video. I have watched all the videos I wanted on several browsers just fine.For Amazon videos there is an Amazon Video app that I discovered that I use on my Android tablet to watch my Amazon videos.CONS:- Just a couple of minor Cons I found...The phone I received did not come with a headset...no problem  as I already have a headset that works on this phone. (I prefer a Bluetooth headset because the sound quality us so much better). Amazon offers many plug in or Bluetooth headsets ar low prices.Also the charger that came with the phone is a slower charger however I have a 2 amp charger that I use and it charges this phone quickly.Bottom line: Would I buy this phone all over again? Yes in a heartbeat as the size is perfect for me.  And for the money I believe this is the best deal out there dollar for dollar. Will this phone be a good choice for you? Yes for two reasons.:1) Yes if you want a very easy to use phone.2) Yes if you have small hands and small fingers as the keyboard is small.If you have large hands and large fingers this phone may be too small for you...so you should then consider a 5.5 inch or higher screen phone.***This phone I recommend to a person wants a smaller comfortable to hold phone and also a very easy to use phone. ** Personally I love this phone because it is fits my hands perfectly easy to use fun to use and it is a beautiful phone!Thank you for reading this review. I tested the phone thoroughly before I wrote this review. If you have questions about this phone please ask me in the comment section as I am a techie type and will answer right away.