What do you want from a phone? For me first of all it has to be a phone -- crazy as that may be;-)  I purchased this phone mostly because my Nexus 4 was becoming too difficult to maintain a reliable phone connection as T-Mobile has been making all their improvements in LTE coverage apparently at the expense of the older technologies that the Nexus supported. Coverage is now much better and I have a phone that works well as a phone!The second most important thing for me is the ability to ask my phone for information and to be able to browse content.  Was a little worried about this as the reviews / specs I read indicate that this phone is in some ways less than the Nexus 4. In practice I find the phone to be very easy to read and it is typically very responsive.  I find it to be a very useful content browsing device.  I keep things very uncluttered. I want to know the weather so I have a widget on the home screen for that.  The app drawer gives me everything I typically use access from either one touch or a touch to a small folder and a touch.  Also have a widget for my media player and one screen over for my calendar.  In practice is seems a responsive and clear reading as my grandson's iPhone 5s and frankly I usually get better and faster answers than he does with Siri.I love that the Moto software is nearly indistinguishable from the stock Android of the Nexus. (Although I was on 5.? and this is 6.01.) There is no bloatware. There is a moto app that I have not used but read that it is limited from some of the enhancements that moto has made for their higher end phones. Seems to me that if I want more enhancements I can get them from the play store. So far I can do anything I want to do with it and have installed the apps I want.The third thing I want to do with a phone is to listen to music. I use Poweramp and with a slight bit of tweaking to the equalizer I am very happy with the music playback.  VLC player also does a great job with video files and HD movies from the SD card have played flawlessly.  One FANTASTIC bonus that I haven't had since before smart phone days is an FM radio!  A little bummed that I have to use a wired headset for this to work as I typically use a Bluetooth headset. However it was great to listen to a local broadcast while out for a walk and also to listen to my favorite NFL team.  There may be plans you can pay for to stream the NFL and enough data to stream whatever local content you want. However I don't have those plans and it is nice to be able to continue to  enjoy what I have always been able to enjoy in the days before smart phones.For a few more $ I put in a 64GB SD card. WOW!!!  A phone with 80GB for storage for under $200!!!  I really hope people will realize the significance of this and stop paying the ridiculous prices for storage charged by other phones. This is a very big deal unless you don't care about a few hundred dollars.I don't do games on my phone.  Apparently this does not have the power to do that. Seems pretty powerful to me as I can browse and watch HD movies. However FWIW the experts say this phone is under powered.  It also is lacking NFC. I don't use Google Pay and while the Nexus had NFC I never used it for anything in 3.5 years so I don't miss it.  Also doesn't have a gyroscope and I also don't miss that. The GPS can find me on a map so I am not even sure what I am missing without it.So far the only thing that I am missing and I am just going to have to learn to live without is the flashing notification LED. Will just have to get used to touching it to see if I have any notifications.The only other "bad" thing is the camera.  It is serviceable and that is it.  Actually got some nice Christmas shots with it so I am happy about that. However the nice ones were mostly accidental. Don't think you could ever count on this camera to take truly good pictures. I have a camera for that.Of course I want a phone that works without having to be plugged in. So far the battery performance has went beyond my expectations. Reviews say that the charging is way to slow. That is probably a good thing for long term battery life. However since it is removable I am not too concerned about that. Have not used the included slow charger yet. Probably the best long term strategy would be to plug it into that when I go to bed. So far I have just plugged it into the powered USB hub at my computer and also have tested it with my Anker PowerCore mini.  Charges fast with these methods.In summary I am an old Mac guy who happens to prefer the stock Android interface for using a smart phone. I have spent a lot of money over the years for Macintosh computers as fantastic tools to create things. (Current MBP pricing excepted.)  I don't mind paying a premium for a good tool!  I am at the core very frugal.  The ability to easily get what you want done reliably is where the value is determined.  For what I want from a phone this truly is a good tool and yet somehow I did not have to pay a premium for it. I know that for things like the camera video recording and game playing this is not a very good tool. However for what I use it for I am amazed at what a great tool it is.  Blows me away to have all this capability for about the cost of a pair of Air Buds!  Have only had the phone for a few days and I will update this review if things change but for now I would happily recommend this phone to anyone who is not looking to play intensive games or take great pictures with their phones.  As a phone and content consumption device it is well worth the money!