I like this phone! I like the size clarity speed ease of use and even the 8MP camera does a fairly good job. Hopefully I can say all the same things in a few months time will tell. The Amazon offers/ads on the lockscreen are inconspicuous and not a problem at all once you access the phone the ads are gone that's $50 well saved IMO!  As soon as my Moto Play arrived I switched the SIM card from my Consumer Cellular purchased Moto G 1st Gen to the Moto Play. I also added a 16 GB SD card for a bit of a kick (I probably won't even need it). I fired it up and followed the prompts. My Google contacts loaded quickly I also used Motorola's "Migrate" everything transferred smooth as silk. After making sure everything worked I contacted Consumer Cellular to let them know I had upgraded phones. The only thing the service rep needed was the phone's IMEI #. She also wanted me to check and make sure I could access the Net without using Wi-Fi I did this without a problem and that was that I was good to go.  I know what the Moto Play is and isn't capable of as I've researched extensively. I've compared all the specs and capabilities of other phones at various price levels and decided the price of $99 for this phone was the absolute best bang for the buck for me. I haven't deluded myself into thinking this is the best of the best I realize the Moto Play does not have all the bells and whistles that some other phones offer but after checking prices of similar unlocked phones I'm more than satisfied with my purchase.  The important thing to me is this phone fits my needs it offers no more nor no less of what I need in a phone. In regards to going in-depth concerning the detailed specs of the Moto Play there's no need for me to cover ground already covered since other reviewers have already given excellent reviews on the specs pros and cons of the Moto Play.UPDATE; 9/24I've dropped my rating from 5 stars to 4 stars because my Moto Play gets  warm during talk use of no more than 10 minutes (CPU temps reaching 115-125). The phone also gets warm while surfing or using FM radio or YouTube after a few minutes. I never had this problem with my Moto G 1st gen while doing the same things but maybe this is normal because of a more powerful battery. I've read of this problem in several Moto G 4 reviews but no one has mentioned this in Moto Play reviews. If anyone knows if this is normal or has experienced the same problem with CPU temps reaching 115-125 on their Moto Play please reply thanks!UPDATE; 10/10/16As stated in my original post I purchased a 16 GB SD card for my MOTO PLAY. The card I purchased was a SanDisc hi-speed class 10 Micro SD card especially designed for the MOTO PLAY. I've read complaints in other reviews that the larger MOTO 4 loses connection with SD cards occasionally and have to be re-inserted. I've experienced the same problem and after having to re-insert 4 times because of lost connection I'm lowering my original 5 star rating to a 3 star rating. In every other respect (other than the phone running warm) there's still an awful lot I like about the Moto Play but I've come to realize it has it's faults but for the cost of $99 I can live with those faults. BTW I've removed the SD card and will make do without it.