For $70 I think you are getting your money's worth.  The phone comes with a case plastic screen protector earphones microUSB cable and an outlet adapter.  Very smart and economical IMO to include the case and screen protector as even people who are in the market for budget phones will typically have to buy those as well. For the price or even for double the price I don't think there are many phones that have much better specs.  The newest version android quad core 1.3ghz processor 1gb ram ~294 pixels per inch and weighing in at only 142g.I've noticed some reviews saying they had trouble opening the back of the phone to insert the battery. They are right that there are no direct instructions provided for that which certainly should have been included in a start-up manual.  If you look at the phone with the screen towards you in the top right corner of the phone has a small indent that should allow you to open the back with a low to medium amount of force.The phone itself looks nice and runs pretty smoothly.  I've maybe noticed a slight lag when opening some programs for the first time in a while.  I've also noticed some widgets are not properly responsive if you don't open the program for that widget before hand.  Not sure if that's an issue with the phone itself the OS or the apps though it's likely not the apps.If you have very basic phone needs this phone is a prime choice especially since you don't have to buy a screen or case.  As for the earphones I would have gladly paid something like $3 less and not have received those.Also since there's a Pokemon GO craze going on right now this phone can play the game but not on the augmented reality mode since I do not believe it contains a gyroscope.I've only had the phone for about five days so I will update the review if my opinions change on it.Edit 1:Have had the phone for almost three weeks now and am still very satisfied with my purchase.  I forgot to mention what carrier I am using.  I am on T-mobile and everything seems to work just fine even though on the compatibility rating it says "partial" coverage for 3G and no coverage for 4G.  I'm sure there is a very technical explanation for all this but my phone usually tells me I'm on 3G or 4G when I'm not connected to wifi.  Battery life seems to be pretty good.Edit 2:Have had the phone for a month now and still like it a lot.  I am having some issues with the headphone jack however.  When I plug in my headphones sometimes it doesn't register to the phone for some reason and while sound comes out of the headphones it doesn't cancel the sound coming out of the speaker.  I've tested this with multiple pairs of headphones so it seems to be a problem with the outlet.  If I plug the headphones in slowly then it works fine.