Pros+ Excellent Screen+ Great Camera+ Clean Android 6.0 Marshmallow+ Compatible with all major networks+ Great PriceCons- No NFC- No longer waterproof- Bland Design- Competition is Getting Better- Single SpeakerShould You Buy: YesActual Value: $200Contrary to what most reviewers though I thought Motorola really dropped the ball last year. The Moto G of 2015 had a weak processor low resolution screen and an okay but not great camera. Perfectly fine in 2014 but not in 2015 and definitely not now. Companies like Alcatel ASUS and even small companies like Honor (Huawei) were offering better value for money. But this year Motorola definitely brought its best. But is it enough to be the best budget phone of the year? In short yes. The Moto G4 is the best budget phone you should buy today. The question you should ask yourself is will it be the best value this year?- Design -Motorola has never made the Moto G the stylish one of its lineup. True with Moto Maker this can be a very personalized phone. But the overall design has been plain. This year that trend continues. The new Moto G is plainer than the  with a simple plain back and a simple flat front. Personally I like it. It was built to be a solid reliable phone and it doesn’t try to be something it’s not. What I don’t like is the lack of more premium material. Blu and Huawei have added metal to the mix which feels a lot better in the hand compared to the simple plastic build. It’s a great phone but it could still be better.- Screen -The screen is a 5.5 inch 1080p panel which is a huge improvement from the old 720p panel on last generation’s phone. I honestly would’ve prefered a 5.2 inch panel but that’s just a personal preference. This is a very good panel as a whole but certainly not the best screen available. Text is really sharp and colors are vibrant enough. Whites tend to be slightly on the blue side but it is not that noticeable and contrast is good but not excellent. Still for a phone that cost only $199 it is a great screen and certainly an upgrade if you are coming from last year’s Moto G.- Software -Motorola has kept their reputation of keeping stock Android alive with this phone. Everything is stock and the few additions that Motorola added to the phone are definitely appreciated. Active lock screen is still here and twist gestures are also back from last year. But what makes this different compared to other phones is the Amazon ad experience that allows it to be cheaper than a plain stock version. So are the Amazon additions something that affects the experience? In short not really. General usage is just what you’d expect from a typical Android phone and it is hardly noticeable that you have Amazon ads built in. Well when I say hardly noticeable I mean in general use. You will always be reminded of the Amazon ads when you unlock which takes up the entire screen and shrinks to a notification when there are other notifications on the screen. You can easily replace the screen lock with something like the Next Lock Screen app (available on Google Play) and you can get rid of all signs of Amazon ads. Some apps are kind of bloatware but they are all from Amazon so you can take it or leave it.- Performance -The Moto G4 comes packing an octa-core Snapdragon 617 paired with 2GB of RAM (at least on my version). This is still a decent package and seeing as most of the competition will be using this chip there isn’t much to complain about. The phone works smoothly and games like Asphalt 8 and Pokemon Go run well. Benchmarks show that the Moto G4 is right in the middle of the pack ahead of the Sony Xperia M4 and the Nexus 7 (2013). It falls short compared to the 800 series of phones but the gap is slowly but surely closing in. For the price it definitely packs more value for money and keeps the phone running smooth and quick. MicroSD card support is always welcome especially because it only has 16 GB of storage which easily fills up. Battery life is too soon to tell but today at work it survived the entire day with constant use and it is going towards 5 hours of screen on time. This is looking good and I will update later to confirm whether it stays like that.- Camera -The 13MP back camera and the 5 MP selfie camera are good but not the best available. The sensor appears to be the same sensor as last year’s Moto G. And in some aspects it shows. Photos in bright light look vivid and detailed contrast is good  and focus is really fast. However dim the lights and grain starts to find its way onto images that look decent but good. Low light shots are clearly this camera’s weakness with the sensor not able to grab onto details without creating a muddy image. The 5MP selfie cam works great for Snapchat and Instagram; great detail if a bit mute and flat. But for a $199 phone it falls right into place within its competitors. Just don’t expect anything mind blowing.- Conclusion -Motorola has  without a doubt made the best Moto G ever and the best budget phone. The design is good build quality is excellent and the camera is decent enough. The screen while an improvement is good but not great. OverallI can’t find anything to fault this phone. But the real problem is the competition. Alcatel’s Idol 4 looks to be improving on everything the Moto G has and the ASUS Zenfone 3 looks really beautiful to hold. The Moto G has stock Android and the (sort of) promise of getting updates faster. But is that really enough to be the best budget phone of 2016? Only time will tell. If you need a phone now or just want a guaranteed good experience on a budget then go ahead and buy the Moto G. But if you can afford a little more and want the absolute best I’d recommend waiting to see if the Alcatel or the ASUS can deliver a solid experience.