I've gotten a couple Moto G's in the past for my sons and they liked them so when the Amazon branded Moto G 4th Generation phone became available I jumped on it - the discount is nice and the first few days there was an initial extra $25 discount.I received the phone on the release day - July 12. I am using this on the Ting GSM network which operates on T-Mobile. I put the Sim in and it simply worked. I didn't even need to change the APN - everything worked flawlessly - cellular service data and messaging.Pluses:Nice 1080 display - I'm coming from a LG-G3 with a 2K screen and actually like this one better. It doesn't have the resolution of the high priced phone but to my 60 year-old eyes the contrast is better -I know it's not using as much energy with the lesser amount of pixels.Ergonomics - it's got a nice hand-feel. They've changed the design from the curved back which I thought would be more difficult to handle but it's still a pretty thin phone and I've had no problems handling it with my medium sized hands. The back is a very nice texturized rubber which is quite grippy. The sides however are a bit slippery. I solved this with a cheap thin cover. It's also a bit tall (see the CONS).Sound- a lot better than I expected. Of course it doesn't have Dolby speakers or even stereo speakers but it's pretty good. I can actually listen to this for a while without switching to my Jambox-  it can get pretty loud without distorting much.Connectivity - Once again though this is a budget phone it does beat my previous LG-G3. Bluetooth connects faster and the phone connects more reliably to my office wireless network. It connected flawlessly to my car.Quick charge. This phone has Qualcomm's Quick Charge 2.0 and a Quick Charge Charger comes with the phone. Very fast charging - I just came home with the phone on 63% and 20 minutes later it's on 89%. What a pleasure.Responsiveness - I haven't noticed any stuttering or sluggishness. I don't play games so I can't evaluate the phone for that. I love the keyboard response and you can dial in the exact amount of tactile feedback you like.SD card capability - I always like the fact that one can add additional memory and the fact that Android can now configure an SD card as internal memory makes it even more valuable.Camera - the camera is fine. I love when the tech reviewers have to compare a phone's camera to the highest performer. Of course a $600 -$700 phone will have a better camera. But this takes pictures that are just as good as the expensive cameras did a couple of years ago and the reviewers were happy with those.CONS:Lacks the fingerprint sensor - a nice feature but I can live without it.Lacks NFC - so I can't use Android Pay. (though I personally haven't found many places that use it)The phone has a lot of real estate at the top and bottom of the phone about one-half inch above and one-half inch below the screen. I've had other phones which were not too much bigger than the screen itself.SUMMARYI've decided to move to budget phones from the high spec phones. I pay less initially skip insurance and don't sweat if it is lost or stolen. I can replace $150 without too much pain - $600 hurts. This phone though inexpensive gives me enough quality and performance that I don't miss my expensive smart phone at all. As I said in the title - this phone hits the sweet spot for me - I really like it.