This phone overall is a good product when you factor in the price specs and use-case.  I've owned many phones (a hobby that the wife disagrees with!).  This phone will work for 95% of people and is excellent overall.We'll start with the actual device:The specs are clearly listed and all that jazz so I won’t go over that.  The phone feels well in the hand and I’m coming from the rather large Nexus 6.  It’s a thin phone and while it is almost as tall many phones it feels a lot less wide.  I have big hands and thought I’d want the biggest phone.  I have to say phones like this Moto G4 are about the sweet spot for me.The volume buttons are easy and I rarely push those as I set my phone to completely silent 98% of the time and once I’ve adjusted my calling volumes and such I don’t fuss with them.  It’s the power button that’s a bit more difficult and a sore point on otherwise great hardware.  It is textured compared to the volume rocker but even with that it’s almost undisguisable from it.  I have a hard time pushing it with my right hand using my thumb but left handed and using my index finger is much easier.  I luckily hold my phone leftie mostly so not a problem but the button doesn’t push as easily as it should and it requires an odd angle.  This is probably the only physical detriment to the phone – otherwise it’s great in the hand.And yes this base model Moto G4 comes with the turbo-charger.  There was a lot of misinformation early on if that was included - it is.Android OS:This runs a custom version of Android but it's pretty close to stock.  Also there aren't really any phones that run stock Android as Google's own line of phones runs many proprietary apps and code that isn't 'stock'. The basic apps are included and you get ALL of Amazon's related apps and services - even some that are essentially duplicates.  You can disable what you don't want through apps settings.  I did keep many Amazon apps and they are just the Play store ones and function quite well.  I disabled a few of the other stock apps such as Google's music videos etc.  I use other things for this and it saves memory on the phone and space in the app drawer.The overall OS is snappy it does lag a bit if you open larger/intensive apps or you are going through things quickly.  If you keep your open apps to a reasonable amount (not 30 apps and 17 Chrome tabs) the phone runs just as well as my old Nexus 6 or other recent phones.  It plays games fine again there might be a jitter or two here but I've had the best of phones do that.The other included software stuff that is nice is an FM radio that Moto usually adds.  Data may be unavailable or you may be on a limited plan and if you want music this can be a life saver.  I'd had an original Moto G back in the day and was on a tight budget - free music came in handy!  The ambient screen feature is cool too.  If you pull the phone up to you or out of your pocket a mostly blacked screen shows and you can see the unlock area and any notifications you may have.  It also shows the battery indicator with a % too!The dreaded lock screen apps.  I'm a bit torn on this as it doesn't work exactly like my Fire HD 7 tablet.  That always has a nice add up but you can swipe away as you open the device and I've never accidentally opened an ad.  I haven't opened an ad on this phone yet either unless I meant to but at times when you unlock the phone it brings up the ad that you have to unlock again.  This seemed to happen every few times I'd open the phone.  It's jarring when you pull the phone up and the ambient screen is on and you unlock and BAM AD!  I get it was why the phone was heavily discounted but a lot of extra swiping is not fun.  As a note - as of now it seems Amazon worked around putting another lock screen app on to bypass theirs.  You can do this but their ads will still pop up after you unlock with the new lock screen.  Additionally and this is a major drawback to certain people they've literally disabled the ability to bypass the lock screen completely.  On any other Android device you can change how you unlock the phone - swipe to unlock PIN fingerprint (if available) or you can choose none.  If you don't pick any when you hit your power button you go right to your home screen.  Amazon has in a rather crude way disabled this.  When I went in to try to turn any screen off it just backs you out.  Very annoying.  It also says amz or the like in many areas pertaining to the software so they have put a lot of their own code into the phone.  Updates for the device will be a TBA affair I guess - again I'll write back if more is discovered.My phone did update already a small 10mb file to 'improve calling'. I didn't have issues before and the update came a day after getting the phone.  So someone is pushing updates.Screen:The screen is pretty good and overall vibrant and sharp for the size.  It's not a 1440p screen and it isn't the largest screen out there but that's partially why I got it - I was tired of the phablet size and I'm a larger guy with big hands even.  For the size and resolution it's a very good combo though and my eyes don't mind looking at it.  I've used all the special LCD screens and the AMOLED ones - I was tired of the eye searing colors on the AMOLED and the hard to read in sunlight and the burn-in issues.  This screen in the bright Phoenix AZ sun is very readable.  Colors are pretty true after I set the screen on the normal setting in the menus.  It has a vibrant feature that ironically made the screen and colors look washed out.Another HUGE plus for this screen is the fact I noticed no bleed through or bright spots.  I put a black screen on in my very dark house and the brightness was uniform and I didn't see any light bleed.  This is very impressive for a phone in this category.  I've had flagship phones with these issues to the point it was annoying.  I'll report back over time if this changes.Also the touch screen is sensitive but not as sensitive as some phones.  This can be good and bad.  I'm always torn on what I want but less sensitive means I'm not accidentally dialing the mother-in-law after I end another conversation saving me time!  Again the touch sensitivity is uniform across the screen.  Also the screen is very resilient no bending or spots that pop up near the edge.Camera(s):I'm adding this as an edit as I forgot about it!  The camera is middle of the road but takes very quick pictures.  Moto has added more over the stock camera app such as sliding the zoom circle to adjust white exposure.  They also added things like shake to change camera.  The rear camera is quick as I said and takes adequate pictures.  They are clear HDR mode obviously helps with contrast and making things in the picture 'pop'.The front camera is actually very good especially given the mid-level specs of the phone.  It's crystal clear and better than any other front camera I've had on a phone.  It would more than suffice for the night out selfie or video chat.Battery:The battery life so far has been impressive.  I got the phone out of the box charged pretty full (over 80%).  I did the full set up played some games logged into my apps again.  I'd say I was at about 60% after all that.  I know that's not the most accurate without screen on time or such but Android's set up and downloading a few dozen apps and updates over wifi is battery intense.  As another review has already said though this puppy heats up quickly.  Charging it I noticed it got warm pretty fast and when it was downloading over wifi it got warm too.  I've noticed it getting warm playing games but this could be the battery and/or the CPU causing it - I'm guessing both.  I will update if I notice battery life becomes noticeably worse before its time.Connectivity/data/calling:This phone can work on all 4 major networks and I'm using a GSM carrier.  I won't review my carrier as you can bring this phone to pretty much any prepaid or postpaid option out there.  LTE is strong on this phone and data speeds are just as fast as my other phones I tested against in my house.  VoLTE works well on this phone and is crisp as ever.  The 3G (UMTS/HSPA) on this phone works well too and calling is again pretty clear.  Speeds are also very fast.  There is no carrier aggregation yet where I live so I can't tell you how that works but I imagine speeds are even better.More specifics on the few calls I've made - nobody has complained about static or background noises.  I hear them very well and the volume is acceptable to even a bit loud.  No dropped calls yet and no data issues either.  The phone paired instantly in my newer model car (car has built in Bluetooth).  Sounds crystal clear over the Bluetooth and also streaming music played well.  The speaker is also pretty loud and while it's only on one part of the phone (my Nexus 6 had stereo) it sounds just fine for a small device.  It's not mind-blasting like front row to the Rolling Stones but it's acceptable for calls and such.Overall and conclusion:Yes this is a great phone at the price.  Yes you have to deal with Amazon ads but that was clearly a part of the deal.  The phone is equal to a $600+ flagship in 95% of the ways and really the phone would work for 95% of people as I mentioned.  It does show it a budget phone with the heat issues on the battery and/or CPU but my old Nexus 6 did the same thing. It feels good in the hand and looks like any other slab style phone these days so it won't be turning heads but does a phone need to?  If you are in the market to upgrade from a couple year old phone or looking to replace a recent broken one this is a great deal.  If you have a newer flagship phone keep it as it's equal or better than this most likely - but keep the Moto G line in mind when you want to upgrade in a couple years.So for the price that Amazon offers this with special ads and the overall package the Moto G4 offers I’d say it’s a definite buy if you you’re in the market as I said above.  It would make an excellent phone for a young teen college grad dad wife friend or really anyone.  It would also make a great back up phone for those times where you may want to use a ‘beater phone’ – ie camping vacation etc.Edit on 7/19/2016:A few more things - I've added a couple pictures.  These are taken at night I'll get some daylight pictures soon but I figured indoor and low light pictures are more telling on how good a camera is.  This one does surprisingly well still - it's well within or above this category of phone. The picture of the stuff on the table is in a well lit room with the settings all on auto - I did tap to focus as the only adjustment and upped the white a little to match the room brightness.  The second picture of the TV is a very dark room with HDR on (flash cannot be on too) - it's not the best but at least it looks 'OK' for a dark picture.  The last picture of the bench/door were in a pretty dim hallway with the flash on (no HDR again can't both be on).The other more egregious update is I had to get the phone exchanged already from Amazon.  The issue I listed above about the power button was big - it almost wouldn't push it and I could only get it to register a push if I was very forceful and pushed on the top part.  The replacement button is noticeably better and has much better travel and can be pushed easier - so there are some QC issues on the hardware here.  Given it was a defect out of the box I was able to get an exchange but only time will tell about it lasting.Edit 10/27/2016:I used the phone on and off for quite a while - but I finally gave it to my mother.  She broke her ancient Galaxy S3 (time to go anyway).  We popped her SIM from the S3 into this and off it went.  Calls LTE data all work very well on VZW too (I was previously using it on T-Mobile).  She loves it and says it's great for her.  No issues with the power button either so hopefully the original one I received was a fluke.