OK first off this review is about the phone and the support for it.  I will first say: buyer beware...  Amazon does not support this device Motorola does...  And that is about the worst possible thing.  They will try to charge you to replace an in warranty phone with no damage. Or wait up to a month for their slow process to return your old phone with just a new battery and all the while try to "solve" you problems with the everyday reset your phone do a hard reboot etc and do everything in their power to avoid a warranty repair...OK on to my experience...  I bought this phone as a cheap stop gap device as my old phone was recalled and I didn't want to buy an expensive last gen device with all the new ones coming out in the spring.  I purchased this in November by December it was overheating (Too hot to even hold) lagging and couldn't be off battery for more than an hour without losing 100% of the battery and frying your hand.  I contacted Motorola and they wanted to either charge $25 bucks to send me a new phone with a $499 "hold fee" or I could send them the phone they "fix" it then return it.  So since I only paid about $150 I opted for the latter.  This was December 4th...  I got my device back on January 11th and you could tell it had only had the battery replaced I know this as all the issues still exist and the plastic where it had overheated was still melted.  It still lags it now lasts 4 hours off cord now but still gets super hot...As to the amazon ads they were nothing and actually kind of helpful at times as it knew what I was searching on Amazon and targeted the ads...  But good luck if you ever need service even warranty service as you will not be pleased...I cannot in good conscience recommend this phone.  If Amazon handled warranty work it would be awesome but Motorola's warranty service stinks...  I think I'd rather have risked my exploding phone for an extra 4 months than dealt with this fiasco.  This put me off all Motorola products...  I'd give it negative stars if I could...