We got this phone for me wife. She really likes it coming off an iPhone 5. Since I'm "tech support" for her and did the setup I do have some first-hand experience. We mainly switched to get off of our high-cost Verizon Wireless plan in favor of a much lower cost alternative. We settled on Republic Wireless for now. My wife likes the size of the screen it's clarity (although not as good as my iPhone 6 Plus in my opinion) and the ease of use. There were a few challenges to overcome coming from the iPhone and I found totally acceptable solutions for them.One challenge was photos. All he photos were on her iPhone and in iCloud. I installed the Google Photos app on her iPhone to upload all her photos to her Google account. The Photos app installed on on Moto G then downloaded all her photos onto that phone. Also configured the new phone to automatically backup photos which was important because my wife also has an iPad. The Google Photos app on the iPad is also installed on the iPad so that  now the photos are accessible on all devices just like they were with Apple Photos and iCloud. She now just uses Google Photos instead of Apple Photos.The other challenge was iTunes music. But that proved to be straight forward with "Double Twist" and their free app on the Mac and their $5 wireless-connection app on the phone. Now with just an extra step or two my wife can easily keep her iTunes synced with the Moto G. To be honest. Double Twist took a bit of tinkering to get going mostly due to some issues in her iTunes library. But now it's working very well. Make a change in iTunes go to Double Twist and press sync and it's done.Double Twist is also nice on the phone because it's much more iTunes like than the Apple Music which I think is a bloated confusing mess. iTunes isn't much better in my opinion but at least now the interfaces are consistent.Other than this one renegade Android phone we are an all Apple house and there is no access to Apple TV for example from the phone. But that's not an issue for us because we have two other iPads and my iPhone and two Macs if we need to share from one of those Apple devices to ATV (which is rare).All in all considering we took her monthly phone cost from about $60 to about $23 a month and she hasn't given up any significant functionality it's a good choice for us based on our level of data usage. I'll be following in her footsteps in a few weeks as soon as my VW contract is up and may go with Ting which as another reasonable cost provider.