Lets start this review with what you are getting for the money. First off you are getting a 1.5 gHz octacore processor with a decent gpu (adreno 405) a 5.5 FHD (1080x1920-401ppi) display that gets plenty bright in the daylight sun 2 GB of RAM 16 GB of internal storage a 3000 mAh battery quick charge or as Motorola calls it turbo charge a 13 MP camera with dual tone LED flash a front facing camera with 5 MP and a clean uninterrupted build of Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow.So now that we got the specs out of the way lets go ahead and get to what really matters; real life usage. So I bought this phone because I needed a quick replacement. I was rocking a BLU Life One X and it was a good phone with terrible manufacturer software support. So I go rid of it. I then was using an LG K7 that was nothing more than a backup phone for a short while until I got a new one. I am a broke college student so I wanted to make sure I spent my money wisely. I read reviews on this device saying that it doesn't have a premium build it doesn't the most features and it doesn't have this and it doesn't have that. Well when it comes down to it this phone works great. The overall usage of this device is quite strenuous. I watch an ungodly amount of YouTube on my free time I play this game where you walk around and find mythical animals and pretend to catch them (ahem) and I also use this phone pretty heavily for texting email video chat and phone calls. I may be a broke college student but I am one who is busy and needs a solid phone when my laptop is not accessible. This device breezes through the basics and the more demanding things with no hiccup. I attribute this to a couple of things. First off in the decent processor. In reviews you will hear that the Snapdragon 617 is underpowered and that it just lags terribly often. I have not found this to be the case. I haven't experienced any noticeable lag or stutter. I also attribute the smooth performance to Moto's software choice. They didn't add a bunch of extra features or gimmicks. They simply gave us stock Android with some basic additions that should be on every phone such as chop twice for flashlight and twist the wrist twice for camera. That is why this phone works so flawlessly. Now lets talk about battery life. The first day I got this device I was not satisfied with the battery performance because it seemed to drain very fast. Now that I have had the phone for about a 1 and half to 2 weeks the battery life has managed to last from about 8:30 in the morning to about 11:30 at night with about 30% battery left. I consider this very good because I am relatively heavy user. Even if you do use more battery than me Moto supplies a turbo charger in the box which charges my phone from about 15% to 75%-80% in about 30 minutes or less. In other words battery life is not an issue. When it comes to the display I found it to be more on the warm side which I like because the colors look very true to life. It's not groundbreaking but it is beautiful. Camera performance has also been very good. While it won't be knocking the Galaxy S7 off the top anytime soon this is the best camera in the $200 price range. In good light pictures look very very good and sharp with more than enough detail. Don't expect amazing low light pictures though for sub $200. Front facing camera does what it is supposed to do and will take good selfies for those narcissistic people in your family. The speaker on this device is also surprisingly good. It is a single firing front facing loud speaker that gets plenty loud and has very clear and rich sound. If Moto could have added one more on the bottom since there is not fingerprint scanner this would just be the icing on the cake. Now for the price point and the market I understand why people don't like the build of this phone. It used to be that you needed to spend upwards of $600 in order to get a premium metal body or a "glass sandwich". You no longer need to however. However I find this device to well out perform other phones at this price range. And in any case the build on this device is solid. It may be all plastic but I think that this phone can take quite a few drops. It also feels very good in the hand.So what is my final verdict. I think that this device is the best $200 dollar phone that money can buy. I also think this is the longest lasting phone that money can buy in this price range for one simple reason....updates. All of these other $200 phones may be slightly more feature rich to start but when this phone gets updated to 7.0 Nougat the others will be in the dust. It is a simple phone that does a lot of things well.