I replaced my well worn 70D with a shiny new 80D and although they look and feel similar I found the 80D laden with new features and image quality improvements over its predecessor.CONTROLS: Buttons and wheels feel sturdy and may be used while looking through the viewfinder. Exposure modes are set with a topside knurled dial: manual semi-auto modes and assorted full auto modes. Menus are easier to navigate than the 70D: five icons (reduced from the 70D's fifteen) and organized by category. If you've owned prior EOS models the interface will be familiar and you’ll barely need to crack the manual.The VIEWFINDER is a joy to use: bright and clear and with 100% coverage and .95x magnification an improvement over Rebels and the 70D. I love the transmissive LCD display (transparent LCD over the focusing screen) as it’s almost like using an EVF: display of icons AF and metering patterns grid and plain matte screens and an electronic level.AUTOFOCUS: The 45-point cross type AF array is fast and sure-footed in low light besting my 70D in most situations. It has the same AF modes as the 70D—single-point AF zone AF and automatic selection AF—plus a fourth mode large zone AF. I was surprised how much more “human aware” auto select mode is compared to the 70D. If a human enters the frame it locks on them like glue.LiveView has a new AF mode: AI Servo. Tap the subject on the touchscreen half-press the shutter button and it does a great job of tracking the subject across the screen. It’s perfect for low level shooting of moving critters or kids.IMAGES show pleasing detail color and impressive control of noise. Specifically there is a significant reduction in shadow noise over the 70D allowing aggressive lifting of shadows should the need arise.VIDEO: HD video quality is excellent: less moire artifacts cleaner in low light and smoother and more film-like compared to 70D files. I’m disappointed 4K HD wasn’t included. However 1080P is fine for YouTube since audiences mainly watch on phone and notebook screens.Movie servo is faster than 70D servo and less prone to “hunting” in low light. Focus-pulls are a snap with the touch screen. Movie servo with face recognition works great allowing me to both shoot and perform in video clips.WI-FI: Diddle settings fire shutter upload images and monitor LiveView and video on an iPhone/iPad Droid or computer with the Canon Connect app. Wi-Fi eats batteries crazy fast so carry spares. Video and LiveView are also available via wired USB or HDMI connection and are smoother and less battery draining.The 80D kit ships with the Canon EF-S 18-135mm f/3.5-5.6 Image Stabilization USM Lens (Black) lens. It’s a wonderful optic and I wrote a detailed review on it here.FINAL BURB: The 80D is a nimble and capable camera and an impressive upgrade over the 70D in terms of AF resolution and control of shadow noise. The bottom line is the many small improvements add up to an enjoyable experience and excellent images and videos.