Purchased a very nice used AT&T Unlocked iPhone 5s 64GB Gold/White from here on amazon. Have bought a dozen or so iphones from here on amazon for myself and for family -- and can tell you some things to watch out for when ordering a used iphone.Got this used iPhone 5s for a little under two hundred dollars from amazon marketplace seller Mobile Legacy. The iphone was described as "USED - VERY GOOD" with a short seller's description that said the iphone was in "excellent condition" with "minor blemishes". Since the seller's listing was somewhat general you do have to read between the lines and hope for the best as to what you're getting -- because you really won't know what is the real condition of the iphone until you actually get the iphone into your own hands.Anyways Two Hundred Bucks was a great price for a used 64-GigaByte version of an unlocked iPhone 5s. Was upgrading from an iPhone 5 and wanted an iphone that was more powerful and with more storage space. And was willing to settle for this iPhone 5s with the 64GB at this price -- meaning wanted to get it right now at this price -- instead of waiting to save more money to get a new iPhone SE with the same amount of 64GB storage.However since this iPhone 5s was a used iphone had to brace myself for possible unfortunate flaws which could be included in a used iPhone 5s particularly the following two possibilities: (1) there could be dings on the metal frame; and/or (2) there could be a broken screen replacement that doesn't re-use the original home touch-id button.There were definitely a few dings on the side edges of the metal frame of this iphone -- including three very small gashes. Most of the not-too-many dings could be sanded filed and polished to look better. But the three obvious gashes took out very tiny chucks of the frame. They weren't super bad but they were definitely flaws that could use a little filling with a tiny bit of bondo or metallic paint to fill in the gashes. Yeah this iphone was definitely dropped. But overall the metal frame was still in really very good condition and these cosmetic flaws could be labeled as "minor blemishes".And since this iphone was apparently dropped the screen was most likely replaced. Although the screen that came with this iphone was clean and flawless in appearance with no hairline scratches at all you can usually expect AT LEAST some very minor almost hard-to-detect tiny hairline scratches on a used iphone's screen. My guess is that the original screen broke when this iphone was dropped. The dings on the edges of the iphone's metal frame do indicate the iphone was definitely dropped.What further told me that the screen was most likely replaced was that the Home Button's Touch ID did not work. My guess is whoever did the screen replacement that person was not careful enough to re-use the original Home Button with its cable from the old broken screen. On the iPhone 5s the home button's touch id sensor is paired with the iphone's logic board chips. The basic function of the Home Button will work meaning you can press it and manually use your passcode to get into the iphone but the Touch ID function will no longer be available because the pairing was wrong. Only Apple can reprogram the touch id pairing connection to the iphone. Too bad. Without the Touch ID the iPhone 5s is just a much more powerful and faster version of the older iPhone 5.This iPhone 5s otherwise worked great -- despite no touch id. Cosmetically the "minor blemishes" could be filed/polished/sanded a little bit and/or covered with a nice bumper or case. The back had only a minor scratch that was mostly dirt that could be removed.So added a nice metal aluminum bumper and put tempered glass protectors onto both the front screen and the back of the iphone and this iphone looked great IMHO.The only other significant issue to watch out for when getting a used iphone is the battery. This iphone's battery had over 500 load cycles on it. And the iphone was running a bit warm. The battery definitely needed to be changed. Highly recommend that you watch a bunch of youtube videos if you want to change the battery yourself. It's relatively easy to do but there are a few tricky items to note when opening up the iPhone 5s and replacing the battery.So if you are buying a used iPhone 5s be aware that you may have to balance a trade off between paying a great price versus getting an iphone with a few flaws which may only be generally (vaguely) described in an amazon marketplace seller's very short description.