So first off I'm hard on my phone's absolutely horrible to them. I originally owned a Blu studio 5.0 and it was trash to say the least but hey review is not about that it's about the Vivo 5R. So first impression it's quite large however it's similar in size to the Moto X and LG Optimus G pro speaking from experience as I owned these before the Vivo as well. Competing with these is not difficult for the Vivo 5R I feel the clock speed for the processor may be underrated due to the fact that it is faster next to it's flagship cousins (dare I say cousins). The RAM is perfect for moderate to heavy usage I have yet to see the phone link or slow from large apps running. Next the screen it is a tad sharper than the Moto and a yard more colorful than the LG. Battery life one word astonishing. I stream music from YouTube while I'm at work unhealthy for the data but on low brightness I can easily get 10 hours of constant YouTube before I need to consider a charger. Storage 32gb as well as an SD card forget Apple. And last but not least strength and durability. This phone has surpassed my expectations. The following is not exaggerated this phone has been thrown dropped kick slid and stepped on. It has landed on carpet asphalt concrete gravel snow and slush. It has gotten water splashed on it and slush and snow in the charging and headphone ports everything is still working perfectly. But there is only one reason I am buying another one. On this day I am writing a review to state that this phone is indeed a tank earlier I accidentally shut the phone in my car door hard to explain but it was an accident. The phone came out functioning with no problem the frame and screen are bent the glass DID NOT crack the bend runs under the fingerprint scanner and it still works. I am writing this review on the phone itself. So all in all well worth the $200 if not more especially considering the only reason I'm buying another is I don't want to work with a bent phone so other than the before mentioned asthetic issue it's a perfect phone for the fast paced but rough user!