I have had the BLU VIVO 5R for a month now. I wanted to use it for some time before I penned my review in an attempt to make it as objective as possible.Ok to start off: It is a nice big phone pretty sleek and with a passable finish. A few people have asked me "which phone?" the answer has mostly left them with a "?" on their face. So clearly BLU is not a very popular phone in the US market.Personally I went for BLU coz the specs looked impressive on paper; and I did not want to spend a lot for similar specs from a flagship manufacturer. My honest view is that its a OK phone I can't really say i LOVE it and nor can I say I HATE it. Although the thought of returning it did cross my mind.Most important difference for any Samsung users the badge notifications for any new WhatsApp or SMS or missed calls - this feature is absent. As I learnt it after researching this was a Samsung feature that they apparently copied from Apple. But I have failed to reason why Android does not have this feature built-in. There are a number of skins that claim to enable this functionality but I was unable to get any of the skins working. I have now just surrendered - and am being forced to getting used to seeing these notifications only in the notifications bar.The auto brightness control/feature while present is questionable. I have often felt that the default brightness that it auto-adjusts is often lower than ideal required - thus requiring you to manually tweak it often.The camera: while the pictures look better than some of the other models the pictures don't seem to have the sharp edges when we zoom in. So camera is OK but not really as good as the promise. One serious drawback the moment you attempt to start the camera app say when the battery is 15-18% it just flashes a warning that battery is low and camera cannot be operated and the phone just shuts down! Totally weird! A phone with 3000mah battery switches off at 15% and prevents camera usage!The battery: I use my phone a lot for calls and then some for whats app and text messages. The battery is good not great; but will run a day. The only issue however I felt is that it takes forever to charge the battery.Fingerprint sensor: It is nice and I think this is the only feature that this model had which I was tempted to go for. Another smart feature is that it give multiple options to unlock the phone. viz. if you are at home or face recognizition or few others.Call quality: It is ok though I noticed I often need to keep the volume to max. Also weird thing when I am on call the phone locks after the usual 30 or 45 secs inactivity and then when I have to conference or use any other feature. I first need to go to home screen; unlock with my finger and then get back to phone app and then try conferencing. This just adds a 5 - 10 second delay - which irritates me a bit.It has got 3 GB RAM plus oct core. So speed of operation is not an issue.All in all its a good buy if your expectations are average+ and you have a tight budget. But if you can live with above shortcomings its probably a very good phone for you.