Note: I used the phone for about 6 weeks.1) Why did I order the phone?  My Nexus 5X ended up with a cracked screen and I was torn between having it fixed for $100 at the mall or getting a new cheap phone to last me until the Pixels get some rebates.I was not totally happy with the 5X (the 2GB of RAM just killed the package) so I ended up looking at phones around the $200 and there were not too many that I felt torn between. It came down to the Vivo 5R and an Asus one. What swayed me towards the Vivo was the location of the fingerprint reader (just like on the 5X) the described battery life and the gist of the reviews mostly. It just felt like this would require not too much change in my habits of using the phone.2) Initial impression  My initial impression was highly positive (that would have been 5 stars for sure). The phone looked and felt nice it came with a bumper case an applied screen protector and headphones (which I haven't tried) and I was quite happy. I couldn't restore my settings/apps from my 5X due to the Vivo running on Marshmallow but it didn't take me long to get everything set up. So in short great job Blu!3) Getting used to it  From the start I was amazed by the battery - this phone really lasts a day even with heavy use. I've used it as a hotspot for a full working day did calls messages email during that time and it was not empty at night. Or on another measure more than 4.5 hrs of Pokemon go (about twice as long as on the 5X). The fingerprint reader works great fast and precise and the screen is crisp and bright. Great! Also the 3GB of RAM mean that even though the CPU is not the fastest apps seem faster than in the 5X because they don't have to be loaded from scratch almost every time. Quite a nice phone up to this point.But then I got to the first thing that I wasn't so happy with: the camera. Coming from the 5X and having used that phone's camera exclusively on vacations and gotten great pictures I was expecting a downgrade but not as much of one as I received. The camera is pretty bad not really good for anything beyond the occasional snapshot where you don't care about the quality. In anything but the brightest light the pictures are always fuzzy oddly enough usually looking much better on the screen when you take them than in the actual picture that's saved. That's the first star that's coming off my rating. I didn't expect a top-of-the-line camera but one that would have been good 3 or 4 years ago... Another thing you have to get used to is seeing the software status of... well whenever they chose to last update it. It was "June 2016" a couple of weeks ago. Given how frequently Android receives updates you really have to decide if you're happy with a phone that's half a year behind the guys trying to take over your device. I understand that that's one of the reasons the phone is so cheap but it's an issue that's slightly bothersome. So that's the next star that comes off.4) And service?  Service is as can be expected I think. My phone started continuously booting after 6 weeks and after a short email exchange with Blu support I got an RMA # and my phone is now on the way to their Florida office. It's a bring-in warranty and that's fine. I'm expecting it to be gone for at least 4 weeks maybe 5 depending on how they ship it back.In short: It's a good phone for $200 if you don't need the camera much and stay away from fishy websites that are trying to plant malware on your device in short.The screen the battery and the performance will certainly not disappoint you if you're shopping in this price-range.(And yes I'm back on my 5X after I had the screen fixed at the mall and it does feel much slower than the Vivo thanks to the insufficient RAM)