Day two and I love this phone. In my opinion - no offence to you folks that love your "Flagship" Android phones or are on the iPhone merry-go-round - paying $500 or more for a cell phone is the STUPIDEST thing ever. You know these things aren't difficult to break right? I need a phone. I like the gadgets and toys it provides but I don't really need them. I paid $159 for this phone. I can buy 5 of these for the price of your dumb iPhoneWhatever. The full retail of $299 is a fair price but at $159 it's a steal. This phone replaced my Moto X 2nd Gen. and I've been a Motorola phone user for three phones now (that's 6 years in people time).This phone is factory unlocked and your warranty is not void if you install a non-factory blob to it. This means I actually OWN this phone and can use it how I like. I will NEVER own another phone locked to a carrier or full of a crapload of stupid apps that some company makes me have. They tell you it's got 32GB then jam 12GB of junk on it that you can't remove unless you unlock the phone and void the warranty. Just stop buying phones from companies that do business that way and do us all a favor.The fingerprint scanner on the power button is pure genius and a bonus is quad-band meaning I can use it in Europe when we vacation there. 32GB of storage is huge stereo speakers 13MP camera Quick Charge capable what more can you want?More good:1. Love the shape and style. Square and flat is the new "cool" in cell phones in my opinion and this one is great looking. Slightly longer than my Moto X with the same screen size but thinner feeling because it's flat and the square edges make it way easier to keep a grip on.The nearly matching upper and lower bezels give the phone a visual balance that's appealing to the eye.The "Mint" color accents and visual effects are a nice change. I just couldn't see myself with a phone totally mint colored but my wife loved it - I got the dark colored one - she can get her own :)2. 100GB of cloud storage instead of a SD card slot. Automatically backing everything up is a great idea. No effort required and impossible to lose.The Bad: The only things I have to complain about are:1. The "desktop" has no way to hide every installed icon. In comparison the Motorola interface allowed me to remove the icon from the screens without uninstalling the app and instead access the app from the "All Apps" button. This phone has the All Apps button but it provides an alphabetical list of installed apps rather than usable access to an app. I have created various "folders" and stacked apps in them to get it down to only 3 screens worth of icons. I had like 7 screens full of junk before. Hmmm maybe I need to delete a couple things ya think? Maybe they'll fix this down the road.2. Occasionally I notice a slight hesitation in scrolling the screen like when on the 'net. I don't know if it's Chrome's fault or the phone's but I don't recall seeing this on my Moto X. It's not bad enough to be much of a bother.Re. comments from others: This is a new phone from a new startup. The first devices had a couple issues but it seems many of the bugs are worked out. I hope they can move the full retail price down to the $200 mark and improve the interface a little re. the app icons. As I just got the phone I can't comment on the battery life but I love that it supports quick-charging. I habitually charge my phones every night anyway so I doubt I'll care much about that.The only things I miss from my Moto are the active screen that gives you a glance at notifications and the clock without actually touching the phone and the gesture actions - double twist opened the camera and a double "hatchet chop" turned on the light. These functions are probably patented by Motorola so I'm not hoping to get them back with this phone.Final thoughts: This is not a $700 flagship phone but why do you need that anyway? Buy a cheap well-functioning unlocked phone like this one switch to a cell carrier and plan that's affordable and spend the dough on a great tablet instead.Your gaming and multi-media experience will be better and your money will go further. Even better; use the savings to take your spouse or best friend out for a wonderful evening instead. That will provide more enjoyment than any high-end phone will.