I switched to this phone from a Samsung Galaxy Edge S6. This may seem like a massive downgrade for some folks but I am actually enjoying the Honor 6X more than the Edge S6 which I'll explain below in my comprehensive review.Body/Form-Factor (4/5):The Honor 6X isn't anything really spectacular to look at but it feels durable and nice in the hand. It's aesthetic is decently pleasing to me. I do not enjoy phones that are trying to be overly flashy or fancy (mainly because I put a case on them anyway). It fits well in the hand and I love that all the buttons are on the right-side. The S6 has the volume buttons on the left-hand side which was annoying for one-handed use. The placement of the fingerprint reader is amazing I have seen it on the back in other phones but I think Huawei found the sweet-spot for me. It's in the PERFECT place for my long fingers. Otherwise the build-quality is solid it doesn't feel like it would explode on impact if I dropped it. On the other hand the S6 was nasty-feeling without a case with all the glass and was so thin I feared shattering it.Display (4/5):For a mid-range budget phone the display is very attractive. There is some slight saturation on blacks and reds seem to POP with intensity. This is especially noticeable using the camera. However I am fond of black-themed UIs so I have black on black and it actually looks very nice without too much saturation. You're not going to get the intense color-ranges you will with Samsung's AMOLED screen. The Honor 6X is a standard IPS LCD screen coming in at 1080x1920 with a ~403 PPI density. Better than other mid-range devices and you really can't beat that for the price. The screen is crisp and clear if you're comparing it to a high-range phone you're going to be disappointed. However remembering you only paid ~$250 (as of this review) then you'll be pleasantly surprised! I have used the phone in bright light and darkest night with no issues. Screen is amazing for the price but there are better screens on higher-end phones (if you want to pay for them that is).Screen Physical (2/5):I had to say something about the actual GLASS that comes with the device. It comes with a pre-installed screen protector it doesn't look like a factory film it literally looks like a SCREEN PROTECTOR (however it's really not it's just a cheap plastic thing that doesn't like to come off). If you're buying this phone do yourself a favor and GET A SCREEN PROTECTOR ASAP. I always protect my devices with either a glass or the "liquid" screen protectors (the gel-like kind) and this phone absolutely has to have one. I did a screen stress-test and it received several small scratches just by being in my pocket for a day without a protector something a phone with any kind of tempered glass or gorilla glass would not do. It's not super bad you're not going to encounter any massive scrapes from daily use if you carry it without anything else in your pocket but you WILL get a lot of small annoying scratches. The good news is any glass or gel screen protector will cover those right up!Launcher Emotion UI (3/5):EMUI get's a pretty bad rap but it's honestly not THAT bad. My biggest gripe is the lack of an app drawer it forces everything to the main screen which can get pretty cluttered even if you're using the folders. Alas this is not a heavily weighing factor for me because third-party launchers exist. Other than that it's a fairly standard launcher it's actually very snappy and fast. If you can get over the no app drawer then it shouldn't be an issue at all.Speed/Snappiness/Responsiveness (5/5):The Honor 6X is sporting a Kirin 655 2.1GHz Cortex-A53 (with a Mali-T830MP2 GPU) which is an impressive chip for the price. I did a stress test with YouTube a 3D game Facebook Chrome (with multiple windows) Google Maps and Google Music all in the background of the device at once and saw only a minimal amount of device lag. Albeit in reality I wouldn't have all those things open at once anyway. Standard use sees absolutely no lag and the device is always incredibly responsive. One of the biggest issues I have had with trying out mid-tier budget phones is that after a couple of apps open they DRAGGGGG to almost a halt before closing something. This phone handles it like a bloody champ!External SD Card Slot (5/5):Thought I'd just add this here most expensive phones these days are sorely lacking this and I do love to download everything and anything. Especially since I use my device everyday as a music player so I require a lot of space! You can add a 256 GB SD card for all your HD videos and music on the go!Camera (5/5):This is really where this phone SHINES. All the other mid-tier phones I have tried all have a terribad camera. I mean it's normally VERY bad. If you're in the market for a budget phone and want a nice camera look no further. This camera rivals my Edge S6 (which I have touted as the best camera on any smartphone when it came out). The camera app has a bunch of awesome built-in features and you can tell they spent some time here. The Pro Photo mode really lets you change anything you want to get that AWESOME shot. HDR works as intended. The "Good Food" option seems to be some sort of macro setting accentuating the warm tones. The "Light Painting" feature is actually really cool it mimics and recreates those cool light-shots you can get from moving cars or spelling stuff out with lights! I had great fun with the "Slo-Mo" mode where you can make things slow motion and even edit whatever is slow motion at the end of it. The "Document Scan" mode works AMAZINGLY. It will auto-snap and crop any document you're currently trying to take a picture of and then auto-edit it for readability. I used it at work to take a lazy-screencap of a document on my computer monitor and it worked GREAT!The secondary camera is actually very very nice. Coming in at 8MP and an auto-beauty mode for those flawless selfies! It has all the same features as the standard camera so they didn't skimp on all the features just because it's a secondary.I'd also like to add that Huawei integrated a classic Gallery instead of incorporating Photos like almost every other phone has done. I really miss the old-school gallery and I thank Huawei for actually including one instead of me having to pay for a decent one through Google Play.Sound (2/5):The headset speaker is decent you can definitely hear people. They're not particularity crisp or mega-clear. You can certainly hear them just fine the loudness isn't a big issue. The call quality is varying it might be my service who knows. The speaker is sorely lacking it's not loud and at it's max volume it kind of sounds like a muffled room noise. It's not AMAZINGLY bad but if you're an audiophile looking for a decent speaker this is not the budget phone for you (I don't think audiophile and budget should be used in the same sentence). It gets the job done I usually carry headphones or a bluetooth speaker with my anyway so this didn't shy me away from the phone at all so I don't weight very heavily on this part.Ports/Comms (3/5):The ONLY reason I'm giving this a 3/5 is because it lacks 5 GHz Wi-fi. Something that seemingly every other mid-tier phone has incorporated Huawei decided to just not on the Honor 6X. This is a bit annoying to me because I was seriously spoiled on my 5 GHz wi-fi at my house. No NFC so if you're looking to use Android Pay you'll probably have to sync a smartwatch to the phone! Other than that there's v4.1 bluetooth chip with all the trimmings it works flawlessly and amazingly. It doesn't seem to use any power at all!MicroUSB. Really Huawei? C'mon you could of scored a 5/5 with me with USB-C and 5 GHz wi-fi! With almost every other phone moving over now to USB-C (sans Samsung) it would seem natural that Hauwei would do this. They're already using it on all their other flagship phones. I guess it was to save on the price which I can totally get. However I really really love USB-C.Fingerprint Reader (5/5):Thought I'd throw this in here because most fingerprint readers are just awful. Not in terms of functionality but in positioning. The reader on the Honor 6X is AMAZINGLY places for actual use. The S6 Edge has it on the front of the phone which is useless for me because I normally place my phone face-down or it's in my pocket with the screen toward me. The response time on the reader is insane! One micro-second tap and BAM you're in. At first I thought it was fake so I had several buddies try it and NOPE! Wouldn't let them in. Way to put an awesome reader that definitely rivals the high-end phones Huawei!Battery (5/5):Wow my S6 Edge had a terrible battery life if you compare it to the Honor 6X. I use data bluetooth wi-fi and max screen brightness everyday. I'm a Reddit and YouTube lover so I'm constantly on those throughout the day. With all that on using a Reddit app probably ~20 times a day and watching about ~30 minutes of YouTube everyday I still get home after a 12 hour work-day with about 40% battery left. With my S6 I ALWAYS had to plug it in mid-day because it would be at 10% at 3 PM. With the Honor 6X I just plug it in once a night and leave it there. On my days off I don't even have to charge it at night it's normally sitting at about 80% without heavy use. There's also a "Phone Optimizer" built in that helps extend battery life. It will even tell you how much battery life it might save if you turn off X feature.Overall (5/5):Despite the small downsides the Honor 6X comes in swinging at a $250 price point. If you're looking for a feature-packed phone that has an awesome camera and amazing battery life LOOK NO FURTHER! I am currently using this device as my main device. I have NEVER used a mid-tier budget phone as a main device but this one really bit me! Great job Huawei the Honor 6X is awesome!