I want to start off by saying I have owned a wide variety of phones and this phone has the fewest bugs on its release date that I have ever dealt with. I have a lot of respect for how quick Huawei has been releasing security patches and Enhancement updates. Huawei has also promised to release Marshmallow and EMUI4 in the near future. The day the phone was released Huawei pushed out a security patch. Huawei is also in the process of pushing out an Enhancements software update that includes Android security patch level for January 2016 Updated honor icons and Additional enhancements (Firmware Version KIW-L24C567B140). More information can be found Club Hihonor forums.  Not to mention that the phone has only been release for a month from the time of this review. Bravo Huawei keep up the good work!Update: 24 hours after writing the review the update was released.Before I get into the actual review I would like to add that Huawei is asking for customer feedback and suggestions that will help improve device experience for future updates. Please do a goole search for club hihonor to register and provide feedback.  It is very important to provide this feedback so that we can continue to receive these updates. I was unable to provide links as Amazon has blocked the links.Pros:- Price - Hands down the best phone you can buy at 200.- Build Quality - Not the best but not the worst either. It does not feel cheap in the hands.- Quick OTA Updates - Honor does not have to wait for the carrier to approve the update so you will get the update once Huawei releases them.- Fingerprint Reader - Sensor location Speed and accuracy are just perfect.- 1080P IPS Display - At 401 ppi this screen is big and clear. Accurate colors. iPhones also use IPS displays over amoled.- Battery Life - I am heavy user and easily get a full day out this phone. I can get 5-6 hours of screen on time. Very pleased with battery life.- Camera - While not the best it takes very good pictures even under low light. Flash also works very well.- SD card slot - Works as intended too. You can change default location to SD Card and apps photos and videos will all install to SD card.- Dual sim - Not something I will ever use but it’s there.- Speakers - Again while not the best they still deserve to be in the pros list. They are loud and perfect for ringtones and notification but not good at high volume for music. They server their purpose and serve it well.- EMUI Launcher - While a bit sluggish at the moment they have done very well with the ease of use of the launcher. Everything is though out very well. My wife can use the phone without asking me too many questions and that says a lot.- Color Options - Phone comes in black with dark gray back cover White with Daybreak Silver and Sunset Gold with gold back cover. Read below for more details on my favorites and least favorite.Cons:- No NFC - This was not an issue for me. Out of the 30 other phones I owned that had NFC I maybe used it 5 times. This may or may not be important to you.- Sluggish Launcher - At this time the launcher is a bit sluggish. This will most likely be resolved in a future update. The phone is fast don’t get me wrong but multitasking button is slow and some apps will sometimes hang but not for long.- No app drawer - I can adapt well to either launcher. If you hate it then install a 3rd party launcher. That is the beauty of android. However it would be nice if they included an option for both.- No headphone included - Im not complaining for 200 bucks I see why they didn’t include them but just so people are aware I thought I would mention it.- Charge time - The phone comes with a 1A charger and takes about 4 hours to charge from 3% to 100%. However the phone does support 2A charging and can cut down charge times in half.Wifi - One thing I want to mention right of the bat is the phone does not support 5GHz. However is this really a bad thing like some people have mentioned? Personally I don’t think so and the reason being that 5GHz has a shorter range then 2.4GHz by far. 2.4GHz is still plenty fast but yes has more interferences then 5GHz but I personally have not had an issues with interference. Microwaves and cordless phones are the two number one major interferences on 2.4GHz but who really uses cordless phones now days?  I have a AC router that supports both 5GHz and 2.4GHz and all my devices are connected via 2.4Ghz due to the range limitation that 5GHz has. I cannot use my phone outside with 5GHz connection I have to be indoors. With 2.4 Ghz I can be at the neighbors and still get a solid connection to my wifi. Would it have been nice to have both? Sure it would but you may find your self never using it like I do. Yes there are people out there that could benefit from it in highly populated areas where interference is an issue but this should not be a deal breaker.Price/Build Quality - At 200 dollars the phone is an absolute beast! The build quality is very nice and feels very expensive in the hand. However I would strongly recommend getting a clear silicon case to protect your investment as well as a glass screen protector as the metal back cover can scratch easily on your keys. The back cover has a plastic band on the top and bottom so the back cover is not completely metal.OTA Updates- Huawei is pushing out updates faster than any other company I have dealt with excluding the Nexus line of phones. Huawei does not have to wait for the carrier to approve the update so you will get the update once Huawei releases them.Fingerprint Reader - The reader works perfect. The location is absolutely perfect and feels natural in the hand. I’m certain that Apple and Samsung will soon copy the sensor location. Other phones like the iPhone and Galaxy phone that have the reader on the home button are very awkward to use. Your finger naturally rests where the sensor is located so unlocking from the pocket is a pleasure. Galaxy phones have issues with detecting your print at time. This phone works nearly every time and under 1-2 seconds. This was not something I expected from a 200 dollar phone. My only complaint is that at the moment you can only registers 5 different prints. Why do you need more you may ask? The software in EMUI allows you to open up certain apps or call a contact with an assigned print. Both mine and my wife’s prints are on my kids phones so now they are limited to only 3 prints they can use to unlock the phone and use as shortcuts.1080P IPS Display - The 5.5 Inch 401 PPI 1080p IPS display is perfect. The screen is very detailed and colors are natural and accurate. However if you are coming from a amoled display and like bright vivid colors that amoled offers you may not like this screen right away but you will definitely get used to it. This is more of a personal preference. Touch responsiveness is perfect even with a glass screen protector. The screen gets very bright outdoors and so far I have no complaints about the screen what so ever. Watching YouTube videos and viewing pictures has been a pleasure.Battery Life - The phone has a 3000 mAh battery. This is probably the best feature the phone has to offer. I’m a very heavy user and have not owned a phone that can get me through a full day. I’ve had to resort to a external power supply that I took everywhere. I no longer have to carry around the extra power supply with this phone and can easily get 5-6 hours of screen on time. I owned a Oppo Find 7a and loved it because of the large 5.5 inch screen. The downside was the battery life but the phone had quick charging and sort of made up for it. However with this phone the quick charging is not needed as it will get you through the whole day. My wife that is not a heavy user can go two days without a charge. The phone actually uses the more expensive Lithium Polymer (Lipo) vs Lithium Ion battery.Camera - While not the best it takes very good pictures even under low light. Other phones that I have owned and compared to have to use flash to get a decent picture under low light. This phone did not have to use the flash to get a decent picture under low light settings. The shutter is very fast and so far has taken less blurry photos than 95% of all the phones that I have owned excluding the Galaxy S6 iPhone 6s and LGG4 (all flash ship phones of course). My daughter is 13 years old and her whole life is around social media and picture taking. She chose the Honor 5x over the Galaxy S6 mainly because of battery life and the location of the figure print scanner. She used both phones for a few days and said she could barely tell the different in the photos. I personally can see that the photos on the Galaxy S6 were way better but to a 13 year old kid they would prefer battery life and a bigger screen over better photos and faster phone. She was unable to tell Galaxy S6 had better camera Processor and screen then the Honor 5x. I then sold the Galaxy s6 and purchased 3 more Honor 5x's for all my kids for the price of one Galaxy S6.SD card slot - Works as intended too. You can change default location to SD Card and apps photos and videos will all install to SD card. Other phones I have owned had an SD card slot but would only allow you to use it for photos and videos. It would not install app on the SD card like the Honor 5x does. I purchased a 32gb SD card and have installed a ton of games apps photos and videos on the SD card without any issues. Simply go into settings>Storage and change default location to SD Card.Dual sim - Not something I will probably ever use but its there. You have an option for a Micro sim card and nano sim card. This would be very useful if you own a business and need two lines. One for personal calls and other for business.Speakers - Again while not the best they still deserve to be in the pros list. If you compare to Galaxy S6 or HTC speakers then yes they suck. However if you are comparing to 95% of the speakers on the market they are loud and perfect for ringtones notifications and videos. They are not very good for music at high volumes but I don’t know a lot of people that listen to music from there tiny little phone speaker. Most of us have Bluetooth speakers for that. The speakers serve there purpose and serve it well for a 200 dollar phone. Even more expensive phones have a worse speakers then the Honor 5x.Charge time - The phone comes with a 1A charger and takes about 4 hours to charge from 3% to 100%. However the phone does support 2A charging so if you have a 2A charger on hand you can cut the charge time in half. 2A charging is also a verified feature on the Honor 5x website so it is perfectly safe to use a 2A charger. Again they most likely sent a 1A vs 2A charger to cut back on cost.Color Options - Phone comes in black with dark gray back cover White with Daybreak Silver and Sunset Gold with gold back cover. Out of the three the black with dark gray back was my favorite. One thing I noticed right away with the White and Gold model is the black border around the LCD. The black model still has the black border but because the front bezel is also black the border was hidden. I have taken pictures side by side so you can see what im talking about. The white was my 2nd favorite and probably would have been my first pick had they done a better job tucking in the LCD border behind the bezel. As for the gold model I did not like it at all. It does not even appear gold and at times looks like a rose gold on the back cover. The front looks more like a copper color than gold. It not horrible or unbearable but it was just the least favorite out of the three for me but my son loves it so thats all that matters.EMUI Launcher/OS - Launchers are a big subject for me because I have dealt with some crappy launchers such as Touchwiz for the Galaxy phones and ColorOS for Oppo phones. EMUI reminds me a lot of ColorOS however the EMUI 3.1 launcher was thought out very well and works way better. I didn’t like that the app drawer was gone it reminded me to much of iOS but quickly got used to it. The OS is still a bit sluggish at the moment taking some apps 1-2 seconds to open at times but I have confidence that Honor will resolve this very soon as this is more of an optimization of the OS vs and launcher issue. The processor is definitely capable of providing a smooth experience it just needs to be optimized so I hope they work on this first. My wife can use the phone without asking me too many questions and that says a lot.Overall I am very happy with this phone. Not only because it was cheap but because it was very well designed and built. Nothing feels cheap about this phone. I have paid 300 more for phones that I was not happy with. Honor has definitely raised the bar for budgets phones pressing other companies to follow the trend. I would definitely recommend this phone for anyone looking for a better than average phone on a budget.------------------------------------------------------------------------Update--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Update: Since the recent update KIW-L24C567B140 the phone performs very well now.  However there are two settings that greatly effected performance. When enabling Guest Mode via Settings>Security>Privacy Protection from phone settings menu the phone takes a major performance hit. Apps would hang at times 10 secs or more to open up the camera shutter button and icons were missing from home screen and slowly start to appear. However once Guest Mode/Privacy Protection was turned off the phone performed very well. Changing power saving mode from Smart (Factory Default) to Normal also increased performance via Settings>Power Saving. I still also got a full days worth of battery life! I hope that an update will resolve this.Tips:Move multiple icons at once - I took me a while to realize that this was possible but from your home screen you can pinch the screen to bring up the Home Page setting options. You can add wallpapers Widgets change page transitions effects and access the More Settings page to change home page settings. Once you have pinched the screen can start to select the icons you wish to move. You will see a blue check mark on the icons you wan to move. Once you are read to move the icons long hold on any one of the blue checked apps you have selected and move the icons. However folders are limited to 30 apps :-(Guest Mode - Pretty cool feature but as stated above this feature really effected the performance of the phone. To enable go to Settings>Security>Privacy Protection and click Lets Start. Enter your main pass code and press next. This should bring you to the Owners Fingerprint screen do nothing here but press next. You will then be prompted to enter a guest pass code enter a pass code different from your main pass code. You should now be a the Guest Fingerprint screen from here you can add a new print or assign an existing print for guest mode. You should now be at the Privacy Protection screen main menu where you can now hide contact photo albums and hide certain application from the quest account.Notification no longer working? - Ok so EMUI OS will not allow apps to run in the background unless you say otherwise a feature I actually enjoy this may be why the battery life is so good. This will prevent apps like Facebook Ebay Facebook Messenger Spotify YouMail Netflix and Dropbox from working correctly and will also prevent push notifications. Example: Spotify and Netflixs will enable a quick menu on your lock screen and notification bar to pause play and forward music or movies. However if you do not allow the app to run in the background the app will close out once you lock your screen. Another example if Facebook. If someone messages you or if you get an update on Facebook your phone will not notify you until you allow it run in the back ground. If you are having issue with any app try this first. Go to Settings>Protected Apps> and enable all the apps you wish to receive real time notification and any app you wish to run in the background.Tired of the Power Consumption Prompt? I got sick of being reminded that certain apps were consuming a lot of power. To disable the prompts go to Settings>Power Saving>Settings and disable Power intensive prompt.