I will first tell you that I'm a compulsive perfectionist who is very difficult to totally please but this phone is a pure BOMB!!!  I'm very very pleased with it.  Is it "perfect" NO but it's far superior to the $500+ phones that AT&T sell and there is no bloatware on it.  All of the AT&T apps on my Play Store list I just hit the "X" in the top right corner...and doing that felt really good.The app's provided by Huawei for email music video are far better than anything you can find it the Google Play Store.Double tap to wake up and provided Screen Lock app to turn off are very convenient.Any apps that I didn't want and could not delete I just disabled.Things that I consider suggestions for improvement...1.  it's sometimes a bit slow to redraw the screens but so what.2.. the WiFi is not dual-band; it's 2.4GHz only.3. not crazy about the default launcher because there is no way to hide/remove apps that you do not want on your desktop so you have to create a "crap app folder".  To solve this I just applied the Google Now launcher which works perfectly...4.  without installing a 3rd party glass screen phone gets way too many fingerprints5.  without using protective case phone is too slippery to handle and the power button in located right where you grip the phone.  I would like to see the power button relocated to the top of the case.6.  would like the 3 navigation buttons to be part of the phone hardware not the android OS.  these buttons rotate with the screen which is a sometimes little awkward and confusing.7.  when charging phone displays a green light...i would like to see it red when charging and to turn green when fully charged.8.  phone is slightly too big and too heavy...smaller and lighter would be better for my taste.If Huawei offers a phone exactly like this one only with more RAM a faster processor 5GHz WiFi and a little smaller screen would be nice but not if not still OK count me in!  I'll buy it immediately but until they do this phone is still tops on my list.Am I satisfied with this phone = YESDo I recommend it = YESWould I purchase it again = YES