I got this Honor 5x phone for use on my T-Mobile account.  For people that are considering this phone I want to emphasize that my review is based upon the experience of having used a Coolpad Rouge prior to this.  If you are not familiar with this phone it may be due to the fact that it is T-Mobile’s lowest priced SMARTPHONE (not a flip-phone) and one of the most economically priced out there period.  And I got what I paid for ($10 special at Bestbuy) slow to the point that I press on the screen a second time thinking that the system didn’t register the first press when in actuality it doesn’t process fast enough and when it finally catches up the second press will inadvertently open/close a page.  The screen resolution is low I squint at the screen due to its small size and clicks on the screen are not very precise causing many typing errors.  And logically people that had the experience of a higher priced and quality phone may rate this lower.  Although this is better than what I had  I will attempt to be as objective as possible with regards to the capabilities of this phone.  The bottom line is that with regards to the price it is a solid buy but heavier users beware of slowdowns and heating.  If you found this helpful please let me know!Hardware:  I’m not going to repeat what can be read in the description but this phone is the best bang for the buck as far as hardware is concerned.  Glass screen metal alloy body with a solid weight.  The battery is not removable  (unibody) and thus providing increased protection from water damage.  It is a nice size as well with a 5.5” screen.  There is also a fingerprint reader for unlocking the phone or apps and from what I’ve read is harder to find at this pricepoint.  Definite pluses in this area; this phone feels and looks like a phone that costs more. Its thin and sleek as well.  The camera takes great pics and has a variety of features.  Ultra sharp and clear. It includes various modes (food beauty selfie etc) and various filter effects (vintage mono etc) images of various sizes HDR/slow mo recording and even “all-focus” to achieve the best quality picture.  This is a Dual SIM phone for heavy users.  The phone comes with a pointy key tool to pop out the SIM and micro-sd card compartments and was easy to use.User-Interface/Processing Speed:  I had to return the first phone that I got due to constant overheating; to the point where the back of the phone is very warm 70%  of the time.  And of course this slows the phone down dramatically.  I got a replacement which didn’t overheat as much with the same amount of data used.  The phone can get warm to the touch and slow down with multiple apps running esp video watching  download/uploading simultaneously. Possibly due to only having 2GB if RAM.  I am only using 30% of internal memory storage and roughly 20% of my external sd card and 40% of the time it warms up after 20 min of continual usage esp with a phone case.  Not always a slowdown until I play videos with other apps running or dl/upload  while browsing.  The phone’s internal ROM is 16GB which should be the minimum for a medium smartphone user.  But it is generally acceptable.  Huawei has its EMUI user-interface which is simplistic and fairly streamlined.  The downside is that it constantly tries to revert customizations or 3rd party apps back to the stock EMUI interface.  For example I installed Arrow Launcher from Microsoft (the stock launcher and icons are unimpressive) and when I restart the phone it will revert back to stock.  For people that are used to a “faster” phone the slowdowns will be a deal killer.Apps/Features:  The fingerprint reader works but not efficient or precise enough for me to use as the method to unlock the phone.  I find that it takes a few tries of pressing my index finger into the reader to get it to register.  One neat feature is the storage cleaner to maintain faster processing speed; with the press of a button it will clear out the cache and even app memory (reverting apps back to pre-update status) in both internal and external memory locations.  I find it very convenient.  Bloatware isn’t really an issue there are a few apps preloaded (sound recorder EMUI marketplace) and could be useful.Battery Life:  It's pretty good but then again I've only had it for less than a month.  So far so good esp since its a 5.5" screen.  I keep my screen at the brightest setting and I can get through the day without plugging it in with moderate/heavy use. To give a better idea  I've been having a voice recorder and LTE Discovery running in the background all day and I have enough juice to last from 8am to 10pm withou plugging in.  The charging wall adapter IS NOT 2.1 A and can be painstakingly slow to recharge.  And the micro usb cable that comes with this is short… around 3 ft.  First accesorry I got was a fast charging plug 2.1a usb port and 6 ft micro usb cable.I felt that this phone was worth the under $160 price-point but for those that have used higher end phones the existence of slower processing and heating will be a point of frustration.  I would purchase again if I had to do it over due to great hardware and tolerable functioning speed.