I have a love hate relationship with this camera. I've been shooting with it for about 5 months now and it has the ability to take amazing photographs. Previously I had been shooting with a lower end Rebel that my brother gave me and I upgraded to this because the Rebel was limiting me creatively and technically. Specifically I wanted more auto focus points to allow me to compose the images in ways which the Rebel's 9 point focus system wouldn't allow. I mainly use a 50mm 1.8 II the 70-200 2.8 L  and a 100mm Macro 2.8 L IS. Sometimes the 85mm 1.8 USM. The biggest downfall of this camera in my experience is that it has a severe consistency issue with it's auto focus. I take photos which based upon the lighting conditions and the settings should produce sharp photos. Sometimes they are absolutely tack sharp and amazing. And the other half of the time it is (usually) front focusing. If it was consistent one way or another I could make micro adjustments but since it is so inconsistent if I micro adjust it will just have the same problem on the other half of the photos. It happens wide open and even on higher apertures and It makes me very frustrated!! It ends up wasting my time due to the volume of photos I have to take and sort through to pick out the usable images.If I were able to go back in time I would have just spent the extra money and went for the 5D Mark III which is what I wish I had right now.I love the layout the build and build quality and all the functionality of the 70 D except for this auto focus consistency issue. It make me miss the perfect facial expressions that flicker just once and are just enough out of focus when I pull it up in lightroom to render the photo useless. I end up having to take many more photos than I normally would just so I can be sure I have some in focus for my clients.At first I chalked it up to my inexperience as a semi-pro photographer but I'm confident now as others have had this same issue that it is a problem with the system not me. Perhaps its only some of the camera bodies and I was one of the unlucky ones but it's very frustrating.I will attach some photos that show my love of this camera though because when it nails it it really nails it! It can produce some amazing simply stunning photos. (most of these were taken with my 50mm 1.8 II STM)