I ordered an unlocked AT&T 4g LTE Samsung s5. It was Delivered on time. I was able to follow the tracking. Even though it came through USPS (UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE) the phone got to me in 2 days. No shipping charges nor sales tax and I'm not a Prime Member either. The phone was in excellent condition actually it was brand new in a tightly sealed package. The 3.0 charging/syncing cable was included. As well as the charger and ear phones with extra ear buds to change out or replace lost ones. I have Straight Talk and took my sim card out of my HTC ONE VX and placed it in the s5. Installed the battery Turned on phone set up phone and worked great. Battery was at full charge. Only issue not having anything to do with the seller I had to call Straight Talk and get the correct APN settings. I googled the APN settings and everything was correct except a couple of those APN settings. I wasn't able to connect to the internet unless I had wifi. But after getting the correct APN settings from Straight Talk I could connect to the internet without any issues. ***If you do have Straight Talk and you need help with the APN settings it would be best if you called from a different phone. The reason why i say that is because they will not want to help you put in the correct settings. ***The phone has crystal clear videos. No drop calls. Able to hook up to bluetooth devices without any issues. Awesome graphics for games.  Waiting for my 128gb sd card to come in to expand the memory. The S6 does not allow you to remove the battery nor add an micro SD card and that us another reason i chise thjs phone. Wife really likes the phone and she is considering getting one as well. I Watched the youtube video on the water test. The guy had the phone in 3 feet of water for an hour and never stopped working. I put my phone in a 5 gallon bucket of water for 15 minutes and nothing happened. Yeah it would have sucked if i messed it up by doing that but i was confident nothing would happen.  you want a phone that you will enjoy purchase this phone. You want regret it. I first thought about the newest iPhone but I'm glad I got the s5. I was just dissapointed that I didn't order it sooner.