The phone can be looked at from two different aspect. A budget phone that costs $200 and a "flagship killer". I give it 5 stars for the former and 4 stars for the later. I am a nexus fan own Nexus 4 5 7 9 so you can see I will definitely not be biased against it in any way. And I am coming from an LG G2.I bought this for me and nexus 6 for my wife both around the same time. Nexus 6 being last season's flagship phone and a phone that still tops many charts in performance will be my frame of reference here. Both devices has been selling really good on amazon with similar price range and great sales recently. So here it goes. Which device you should get?Motorola Nexus 6 vs Huawei Honor 5XPackage accessories and boxingBoth come with neat boxes but nothing fancy. Both come with warranty and manuals (despite some reviews mentioning the honor 5 coming without them) and sim ejection tool. the big difference here being the charger. The honor device comes with extremely generic charger pretty slow at that too (1 amp although it performs at slower rate than other similarly advertised ones). The Motorola device comes with quick charger (2 amps goes from 10% to 100% in about 70 min compared to 2.5-3 hours). Also note that it is much much easier to find third party accessories for the nexus 6 on amazon and elsewhere (it has been around for longer after all)Winner: Nexus 6Set upBoth are android devices so a lot is common here. Both take advantage of the back up / restore function from google pretty well. Surprisingly boot up and restoring apps and settings from the honor was faster by a good margin than the nexus 6 (35 min vs 50 mins). This has to do with the multiple updates the nexus 6 has to do before you reach the Android 6.0.1 it is supposed to reach. My honor came with Android 5.1.1 out of box. Restart time for the Honor was also surprisingly better than the nexus by few seconds. I would have to given this to the honor 5xWinner: Honor 5xProcessor RAM and PerformanceLooking merely at numbers nexus 6 wins hands down. Snapdragon 805 3 GB RAM Adreno 420 GPU and pure Android experience. This translates into a very buttery performance. This thing is a beast! no lags whatsoever. It goes through apps with not even the slightest hiccup. 3D games looks amazing there. Although you may see benchmark tests slightly higher for other flagships from this year I highly doubt you could observe the difference with naked eye.The Honor 5X is mid range at best compared to that. Snapdragon 615 2 GB of RAM are no match to that beats of a device. However and this is a big however since you are looking in this price range I assume you are looking for day to day device not a gaming moster. The honor X5 is plenty adequate for that. You may see the occasional hiccups here or there (so far mostly with Google Play Store) but this is by no means an issue.Overall the Nexus performed better. However being a flagship device and a nexus device this is expected. The pleasant surprise was the Honor 5x despite having an inferior CPU GPU and RAMS and a heavier EMUI skin still performs very close to the nexus. I will have to give this one to the Honor because of that.One downside I did not like in the Honor 5x is the lack of dual band WiFi. Now unless you have an internet line with speeds exceeding 10-15 M you should be fine.On downside in the nexus 6 was the lack of an LED light for notifications. It is there as a hardware but you will have to root your device to control it. Not cool.The killer addition on the honor was the finger print scanner. Spot on and no different in performance than what you find in Apple devices or the higher end nexus 6p. Kudos!Honor 5x also has some nice features I missed from my LG G2 like tapping screen twice to wake up and flipping phone to mute alarm or ring. Those are missing from the Nexus 6.Winner: Honor 5xBatteryThe honor 5x seems to take the edge clearly here as well. Despite having the EMUI skin and the older android version I managed to get about 6-7 hours of screen on time. This is was only 3-4 on the nexus 6. Sure the nexus battery is larger but the higher pixel and stronger CPU are much more power hungry.Winner: Honor 5xDesign and qualityHonor 5x wins here as well. Metal build is no means a $600 apple iphone but is a nice tough and looks sturdier than the plastic covered nexus 6. Both are nice but the honor 5x is more likely to be mistaken for a $600 device than the nexus. Also I did not like the curved back on the nexus. It CAN NOT stay still on its back very annoying if you try to open the device or text while on the desk or ground for example.Winner: Honor 5xSoftwareI am a nexus fan so here pure android like it is meant to be is the winner. Do not get me wrong though EMUI is much less troublesome than I expected and has some nice features.Winner: Nexus 6DisplayOn paper the nexus 6 wins. More pixels larger and better coating (Corning Gorilla Glass 3 lacking in Honor 5x). However the screen colors were by no means as lively as the ones on the Honor 5x. I think it is a tie.Winner: Tie.Value for MoneyAround back Friday the nexus 6 was selling for $200. Recently it was around $250. Around that price I would have given the edge to the it. But It its current price ($350) the Honor 5x wins.Winner: 5xCameraBoth cameras are pretty comparable. The Honor 5x default app has more features but this is android! You can just download any app/feature at the touch of a bottom. Both have lacking cameras in poorly let environments. I think the Honor 5x has a slight advantage but overall I would call it a tie.Winner: TieOverall being a hardcore nexus fan I find it very hard to say but the Honor 5x has my vote. Huwaei seemed to have found it is way to the use market with just the right combination of performance price and features. Cannot wait to get their Nexus 6p which based on what I saw in this Honor device should be a incredible!