My only complaint is the stock launcher and calendar app. Downloaded the Google launcher but getting the stock calendar out of my business and getting google calendar setup correctly took some time. Here's a tip add Google Calendar to excluded from power management list or you won't get reminders when the phone is sleeping.Updated 2/20/17Further pre-installed software issues have me continually lowering my rating. Upgrade to Android 7 put my back on the stock launcher and added more crap software that (to me) seems clearly setup to capture data it doesn't need and transport it to someone I don't want to have it. Can you tell me why the customer support app need access to my contacts? New update's SMS app is an absolute nightmare (I considered dropping my rating from 5 to 2). I wasted 3 hours trying to replace the stock SMS app (which now does not show the names of people responding in MMS messages so a group text with 5 people it's impossible to know who said what even worse if you manage to remember the color-coded icons that go with a person...sometimes it will show the wrong color for like 10 seconds and even click through to the wrong contact). Why not replace the app if I hate it so much? I would love to but it's married to the device. I've replaced with 2 different apps set those apps and default and even disabled the SMS pre-installed app and revoked all the SMS privileges for the stock app. I could get SMS to work fine but any text to more than 1 person the phone will either deliver it to the stock app anyway (they all show up and unreadable 1kb message bubbles from individual senders if the stock app is not the default SMS app or it just seems to do nothing). At the end of the day after 3 hours of work I could never get an MMS message to deliver to any other app so I'm stuck with the garbage stock app. Last order of business the stock app takes forever to load a long conversation (anything with more than 50 messages). It loads with a bunch of dates then the bubbles start loading it's like watching an image gallery webpage load on dialup.