As an amateur wildlife photographer so far I'm happy with this camera. I've only had one late afternoon of shooting Ospreys with it (EDIT: see updates below) and it was very impressive. Auto-focus is extremely fast and the 10 frame-per-second shooting with a massive buffer is unbelievable. I'm using just an SD card (high speed) and I get 26 shots in the buffer (EDIT: in practice I'm getting about a 30 shot burst).My ratio of good shots to bad shots is already significantly higher than it was with my Canon EOS 70D which is a great camera but not nearly as good at focusing as this one is. I took about 400 images today and there may have been 10 that were too blurry to make use of and that includes a moment when an Osprey took me by surprise and I had to aim and shoot in about a second. The D500 picked up the bird and focused almost instantly.The shots are a bit softer than I hoped for but I haven't used the automatic focus fine-tuning yet. I was using my (also new) Sigma 150-600mm Sport which is a good lens but I haven't used Sigma's USB dock to fine tune it yet. So I (optimistically) suspect that when I use the camera's auto-tune and then use Sigma's dock to push it even further I'll get razor sharp images almost every time. I'm very impressed so far this is a big step up from the 70D where I would get roughly 10 or 15 bad shots for every good one. Not knocking the 70D I'm not a professional so I'm sure I have room for improvement.I'm also extremely happy with Snapbridge mainly because it easily connected to my Android phone (NFC didn't work but bluetooth paired easily - I've never had much luck with NFC). Snapbridge is now automatically geotagging every image. That's a big part of why I got this camera - I travel all over the world and geotagging has become a necessity as far as I'm concerned. Here's a knock on Canon - before switching to this Nikon I purchased Canon's latest - the 80D. Not only was the 80D unable to connect to my Android (only worked on Android 5 and I was on 6 which has been out for months) but when connecting to other Android 5 devices it was unable to automatically geotag images. After speaking to Canon support they said it was a limitation of the camera and suggested I grab Canon's GPS add-on unit. Unacceptable when almost everyone has a smartphone that has GPS capabilities these days.Some other quick notes both pros and cons:- The shutter release button is kind of "soft" meaning even when I don't want to I frequently accidentally get a burst of 10 shots when I meant to take just 1. Not a big deal I'm getting used to it already.- The touch screen LCD is great but I was surprised to find that it's not "always" touch-sensitive. For example navigating the settings menus is not touch-enabled at all. Not a big deal but I was surprised.- The swiveling LCD screen is good but Canon's fully articulating screen on the 70D and 80D is better. I particularly liked that on those cameras I could turn the LCD around entirely facing inward protecting the screen from scratches. I already bought a glass screen protector for the D500 so it's kind of a moot point.- By default the camera shows the remaining exposure count in the viewfinder and the top-display. If you want to see ISO instead you can but it shows up in place of the exposure count. So basically you have to choose between one or the other. For me I went with ISO.That's it for now I'll continue to update this review as I get more experience with the camera especially after doing some fine-tuning on both the camera and the lens.UPDATE: 5/1/2016I spent a couple of hours playing with the auto AF-tune option using both the bundled Nikon 16-80mm lens and my Sigma 150-600 (which is not an easy candidate for tuning). The system works generally OK but repeated attempts give different results sometimes with wide variations. The Nikon usually got a -1 0 or +1 so I left it at 0. The Sigma was a lot tougher due to how large of a zoom range it has and different distances between myself and the subject. I'll have to use Sigma's USB dock for this but to speed things up I decided on a +3 (manual) adjustment after getting varying readings from the auto adjustment system (from -5 up to +6). I don't think it's the camera's fault the lens has so many ranges and subject distances that one value will never be enough.I spent another day shooting mostly birds and got some shots I'm very happy with. Success rate is still very high and mistakes have always been my fault. For example I got some motion blur due to not using a high enough ISO setting (and therefore slower shutter speed) a few times on an egret (photos attached). I went up to 5000 ISO yesterday and used Lightroom for noise reduction which I was happy with. This was in bright sunlight but handheld at long range on subjects in motion so I needed fast shutter speeds. I attached more photos here with 100% crops as well (although Amazon may shrink those a bit I'm not sure). More mistakes on my part I forgot to switch the camera to AF-S for a squirrel and a turtle both of which weren't moving and didn't need AF-C / 153. However the pictures came out great anyway.UPDATE: 5/8/2016Took the camera to a farm animal event nearby today for more practice. Still a very good success ratio. I noticed something weird with Snapbridge. After connecting and putting my phone in my pocket maybe 10 minutes later I would check and it would show no connection and the camera would say awaiting connection. I would reconnect and put the phone back in my pocket and 10 minutes later it would seem to be disconnected. I got annoyed and figured geotagging would be lost for many images but upon importing all geotagging was there. Not sure what the deal is but I was glad to not lose geotagging.I also made use of the bundled 16-80mm lens paired with a Canon 500D close-up lens today (using a 77mm - 72mm adapter). Everything worked perfectly fine and I'm happy with the lens.As always I believe any issues with the pictures are on my end. For example a decent close-up of a fly using manual focus was focused on his lower body instead of his eyes. Hard to tell when looking through the viewfinder I should have taken some test shots and then reviewed them at 100% in the LCD and re-adjusted. All close-ups were taken at f/8 but I should have tried for a better depth of field at maybe f/22 or something.Adding more sample pics my apologies if you're grossed out by bugs!