Great little phone. Got this for teenage son for first phone. Does the job. Is unlocked used with T-Mobile prepaid. No issues at set up. Does have dual SIM (at least the blue one did). Can use business number on one SIM and personal number on other SIM. Doesn't fit my needs but thought I'd mention it. Battery is nice and long. No decent instructions come with it so just takes time to figure everything out. Can lock the keypad by pressing the top left corner control button and the "*" key. However this doesn't prevent the phone from shutting off if the power button is held down. I don't like that fact but it's the only real complaint j have. The radio works well and my son has managed to get music on a mini SD card loaded into the phone so it acts as an MP3. Has a camera but he and I do not believe you can send or receive photos (at least we haven't been able to). Durable little phone my son is clumsy and drops things a lot so this one has held up for a month so far with no issue. No internet access on this phone (this was the whole reason we purchased it). Did not feel 13 yr old should have access to the entire world in the palm of hand. Lot of responsibility there and with this generations focus to validate self through social media waned to keep his focus on his real life accomplishments and face to face interactions with friends. He will go through those motions on his own as all teens push for that freedoms and experience. Be for now while he is still on the younger side of teenage years this phone works wonderfully for us. P.S. My son has taken our encouragement to be fun with his "outdated" type phone in school and often makes remark as it is his Stone Age phone enticing humor amongst his peers. He says he doesn't mind it being outdated and even likes that it's a little sturdier than his friends. (Of course he does dream for an iPhone but just thought I'd mention it in case any other parents out there were in the same place I was and worried your child might hate you for an outdated phone. They won't they know you love them and are thinking in their best interest. It shows.) Hope this review details enough for any type I future buyer.