The Nikon D500 is an awesome DSLR. Being a DX camera I was a little concerned about the low-light performance of the sensor -- the 1.5x crop factor has never bothered me. However the D500 is incredible at outside night and also inside with little lighting. I get usable high-quality low-noise images at 10000 ISO with a little help of noise reduction in Adobe Lightroom. If I'm just using a photo to post to Instagram or other low-quality image platforms I can easily use an image shot at 25600 ISO. After traveling to Paris and Rome and watching the Bastille Day fireworks at night and visiting museums with less-than-ideal lighting for photography I am completely impressed with the camera's ability to function in varying lighting conditions.The autofocus system on the camera is also unbelievable. I often shoot in single-point AF but when I've used the continuous 3D AF tracking for my dogs or moving subjects it rarely does not capture them in focus. Coupled with the maximum 10 frames per second it's hard not to get the shot you wanted for subjects in motion.The build quality of the D500 is also superb. It feels sturdy but not ridiculously heavy or overdone. The placement of buttons (like ISO focus point knob etc.) are very intuitive and natural to use. To be honest I don't really use the touchscreen except to zoom in on image previews. Even when scrolling through images I still naturally use the button because the touchscreen scrolls in the opposite direction of an iPhone (if you swipe left on the D500 it scrolls back whereas on the iPhone it scrolls forward...this is just my personal preference). Also being an iOS user it's a bit annoying that the SnapBridge app and functionality on the camera is still not available -- although it is available for Android users.Other than those small insignificant things I really have nothing negative to say about the D500. Moreover the D750 (a full-frame camera) is similarly priced but you do not get the features that the D500 packs. If if you want the full-frame equivalent of the D500 -- the D5 -- you would have to shell out another $4500 on top of the D500's $2000 price tag.If crop factor is not an issue for you then the Nikon D500 is the perfect camera for someone who is either an enthusiast or semi-professional.Hope this helps.