Four hundered and fifty bucks.  Unbeliveable that this phone is this great at that price.  I would like to give my thoughts on the Moto Z Play unlocked after using it for a week.  I preordered and purchased a Galaxy S7 regular version earlier this year but have had a hardware lust for a few weeks.  So here is my two cents on the features of the Moto Z Play from a Galaxy S7 owner.Build Quality:  The Moto Z Play is amazingly well built for the price.  A glass and aluminum sandwich with 2.5D curved glass on the front.  After using that glass on the galaxy it is hard to go back to not having that gently curve of glass when swiping into the side of the screen.  Also kudos to Lenovo for making the antenna lines centered on the top and bottom of the phone. No ugly plastic stripes here.Display:  OK so the Galaxy S7 was always going to win this one.  Samsung makes the best screens but the 1080p OLED screen on the Moto Z Play is a very good display.  I do not feel like I am loosing anything by using it.Camera:  The Galaxy S7 has a fantastic camera so I was expecting the downgrade from it.  The Moto Z Play takes good pictures in good light but the HDR is VERY slow.  Taking up to two seconds to process one HDR photo.  It takes acceptable pictures though just not world changingly fast like Galaxy S7Software and performance: Damn is the Moto Z Play fast.  Like I cannot tell this is a midrange phone no lag make me question what a flagship is good for fast.  The software is buttery smooth have not had any lag at all.  Also plays any game I have tried including Ripetide GP: Renegade possibly the most graphic intensive game to date on android.Fingerprint Sensor:  Surprised at how fast the Moto Z Play fingerprint sensor is.  You barely have to touch it and the screen is on and unlocked.  Much faster that the button fingerprint combo you have to use on the Galaxy S7Moto mods:  Didn't buy any because I did not know if I was going to be keeping the phone but now that I am going to keep it the JBL speaker looks very interesting.Battery Life: Wow what an amazing battery.  Only had to charge the phone 4 times in a week.  I get 2 days easily without having to worry about charging the phone.  Last time I checked I got 6 hours of screen on time and was constantly streaming spotify and podcasts without having to charge the phone for two whole days.  The fast charger that is included does a fantastic job too.  Giving me about 15 to 20 percent battery in 15 minutes.Anyway hope someone takes a look at how great of a job Lenovo has done with the Moto Z Play.