Previously I had an LG V10 and before that an LG G2. But after some quality issues experiended with those LG phones (bootloop and touchscreen dead zones) I decided to change to another brand and was looking in the $400 range.The phones I was considering were One Plus 3 Huawei Honor 8 ZTE Axon 7 Nexus 6P and Moto Z Play. After looking at each one closely I decided on the Moto Z Play and I'm extremely satisfied with my purchase.After only one week I can say the following about this phone:THE GREATBattery life is amazing. I unplug the charger from my phone at 6:00am in the morning and with regular to heavy use (Facebook Instagram Web Browsing Spotify Netflix Camera etc.) before sleeping I still have 50-55% and don't need to plug it until 10:00pm of the next day when the battery is around 5%.Speed of phone is excelent considering it has a "mid-range" Snapdragon 625. I seriously can't see the difference from my previous LG V10 that had a higher spec proccesor. Everything is fluid and snappy.THE GOODAmoled Screen. I had a QuadHD LCD screen on the LG V10 but I prefer the screen of the Moto Z Play even if it's only 1080p. Colors are great and I can't see the diference between QuadHD and 1080 from now on I prefer Amoled.I love the design of the phone feels very premium and I don't mind the size (the LG V10 was a huge mini-tank and I liked it)  altough hopefully for the next version it has smaller bezels.The fingerprint is excelent 95% of the time it responds instantly.THE SURPRISINGAndroid is almost stock but the little touches that Motorola adds are great specially the notifications waving my hand in front of the screen feels Jedi-like and it's very useful at work where I have my phone on the desk and I just check if it's something important.I ordered the phone with the Camera Mod and it works awesome. Moto Mods really feel innovative and I'm thinking of buying the speakers and power pack case.Speaker in the front is surprisingly good for listening music from Spotify Netflix and Youtube.OTHER STUFFThe 3GB of RAM are very good I don't notice the reload of weg pages on Chrome when I have many tabs open.Bluetooth works without problem. I tested it with some bluetooth headphones that I use for running and it works without issues.Camera is good but not great. This is one area that I miss from my LG V10 it had a much better camera.Headphones Sound Quality is ok. I have in-ear Audio-Technica headphones and compared to the mighty audio quality from the LG V10 it's definitely a step down. But it works ok for compressed music from Spotify and the occasional music video from Youtube.You can't change the battery but since it lasts so long is not an issue for me.Call Quality is good enough.THE BADThe Glass on back is a fingerprint magnet and it seems like it will break at the first fall. Hopefully I can attach the Moto Mod Cover for now and right now I'm awaiting my bumper case.The charger that comes with the phone has turbocharging (and it's great) but the cable is atached permanently to the charger. Being this my first USB-C device I don't have any USB cable to connect to my PC or my external battery packs so I now have to order an extra cable.CONCLUSION:A great midrange phone that feels like premium phones that are $200 - $300 more expensive. Highly Recomended.