Excellent phone for the money. If battery life is what you are looking for this is the phone you should buy. I can get two days of battery life. Sometimes into a third day. I average about 8:30 hours of screen on time but There have been times when I've gotten 10 hours. The battery life on this device is simply amazing.Don't be dissuaded by the Snapdragon 625 processor. This phone has NO LAG. It is one of the snappiest phones I've used. Unless you plan on using this phone primarily for hardcore gaming the processor won't be an issue for you at all. Even if you do want to game a lot it's not like you won't be able to but your frame rates and loading times will be a little slower than with a phone with a higher end processor.The display is beautiful. It's only 1080p and not 2K like a lot of flag ships but it is a gorgeous 1080p screen. My past 2 phones had 2k screens and this screen does not feel like a downgrade. In normal day to day use you won't be able to tell the difference.....AND....that 1080p screen is part of the reason the battery life is so good.The Motorola specific features(Moto Voice Moto Display Moto Actions etc) are nice and hard to live without once you get used to them.There are a few slight cons with this phone but none of them are deal breakers. It is a little unnecessarily large in my opinion. The bezels are a little large on all sides. The camera is acceptable but not great at all.  The Motomods feel like an unnecessary gimmick to me. I have the speaker and it is nice but you can get better sound and more volume from $20 bluetooth speakers. The style shell mods are nice but I wish there were more options. You don't really need any of the battery mods because the battery life is already class leading. The projector is overpriced for what you are getting. The camera mod is not very good.  Also The mods are a little more lose when attached to the Moto Z Play than when attached to the regular Moto Z or Moto Z force. I suspect the Z and Force have magnets on the bottom and top of the phone while the Z Play only has magnets on the bottom of the phone.All in all this is a great phone. Hard to beat for the money.