I will update at the top of this review when I feel I may need to.UPDATE:A couple months in and the camera still kicks ass. If you're thinking about it just do it.----------------------------------Alright so I've had the camera for almost two weeks now.I've shot probably half a dozen different landscape scenes. A couple portrait shoots and lots of lowlight material. I'm fascinated with the Milky Way for night sky photography and this camera powers through it very nicely. ISO 1600 through 3200 looking very clean in comparison to the old D5300. I'd say close to full frame performance in regards to high ISO noise handling. Dynamic range is absolutely phenomenal. I'm able to pull up lots of detail out of shadows and pull down the highlights very nicely when needed. No problems at all yet with battery life - In fact I got about 950 shots on an 85% charge in a timelapse so I'd say it's right on the money. Also have had no issues with the Lexar XQD with this camera like others have reported. I am having some issues with Lightroom taking FOREVER to import these photos when connected via the USB. For most shots I just transfer to the SD card and use my card reader but for some things I have to use the USB to transfer direct from the camera and Lightroom (CC updated and D500 Firmware updated) and it seriously takes probably 3 or 4 hours to import 8 or 10 gigs in. Wondering what might be the issue there but outside of that I have no complaints. This camera has proved its worth nicely.The illuminated buttons have also been a blessing for my night sky shooting.----------So far I have nothing but love for this camera. I'm coming from a history of low-mid level cameras so this jump was significant for me. Most recently I'm coming from a Nikon D5300. The pro features I were expecting are truly great. The button layout is much more than a gimmick. Having the ISO button on the right side thereby freeing my left hand at times is such a practical and appreciated decision by Nikon.The touch screen is nice for what functionality it has. I was hoping to be able to use it in more of the menu side of things but I'm not taking away a star for that. That wouldn't change the quality of my images.The focusing is everything you've probably heard about. It's crazy. It's so fast and so so accurate. I haven't even had a chance to use 3D tracking yet but its normal continuous focus really works incredibly well.The ISO to noise ratio is incredibly well controlled. As a landscape photographer I have low tolerance for noise especially with astrophotography. I was always looking for ways to reduce noise in post because the lower tier cameras just can't handle it well. I was testing some of that out with the D500 but on a sunny evening/sunset and I shot some images in ISO ranges I never thought I would call acceptable. I'm talking ISO 25000 with just a little bit of noise reduction in lightroom and I wouldn't have an issue posting to social media. Even 52000 wasn't out of the realm of possibilities if I were in a pinch. That is absolutely insane to know that I can say that now but this camera is just that good in that regard. I haven't had the chance to do astro with it yet and test out the high-iso in low light conditions but I got the camera on a full moon so in a week or two will have some results to show for that.The LCD screen resolution is nice and bright and clear and the viewfinder is very nice. I especially like the round eyepiece. The button illumination is awesome and will really come in handy for us astrophotographers. It really feels like a pro body that got the attention to detail it deserves.The processor is so blazingly fast. I have it set up to save RAW files to the XQD (Been using Lexar with no issues) and Jpegs to the SD with snapbridge sending 2mb copies to my phone for quick Snapseed edits going out to Instagram in no time.The battery life is great. The camera shipped with the newer version of the ENEL15 battery and I have seen very good performance out of it so far.The camera itself is bigger and heavier than my D5300 but the grip is deep and offsets that extra mass as it's easy to hold.I have not tested out the video yet so I'll be sure to do that upon updating my review.(Be aware that I shot my first batch of uploaded pictures with the Nikkor 18-135 f/3.5 so if I had sharper glass I would have sharper images)