I have been in the cell phone industry for much of my career. I worked for Motorola and was one of the first to get my hands on the newest cell phones in the 90’s. Startacs Razors you name it. I have had my share of Motorola smart phones which I loved at the time and Samsungs. Though I have ‘allowed’ my wife to have an Apple I could never bring myself to over pay for one myself as I am deeply rooted in the Android eco-system.When I finally got my hands on a Nexus 6P (from Huawei) I thought all my prayers were answered but along comes the Mate 9. Faster better battery life and BIGGER. I have come to the conclusion that bigger is better and the Mate 9 is bigger (battery screen faster more beautiful) in every way. I even love the EMUI interface which surprised me Huawei has really listened to its customers and create a wonderful product.Let’s look at the most important features:The battery – When the 6P came out and it’s a great phone many reported it would last all day but not like the Mate 9. It really does.The finger print reader – Never again am I fumbling to get to my phone fast and accurate as they come.The camera – This is awesome my son is a profession photographer and he loves all the features I can barely understand and the beauty mode makes even an old guy like me look good.The performance – Bar none the best I have ever had. I never wait and everything is so smooth.Connectivity – Again I have had nothing like this. The Mate 9 seamlessly switched you back and forth to the best connection and automatically reconnects to WIFI for an exceptional experience. Until you have experienced WIFI+ you are missing the best speed you can get! Add to that more cellular bands and better coverage than ever.Dual sim cards for you business guys such a cool feature.Storage – Comes with a lot but it actually has a SD card slot imagine that Apple and Pixel.So if there is a con to this phone what would it be? Most likely the fact you don’t have one! Maybe you should get one and figure that out for yourself I bet it will be hard to find.