I just received this phone today and switched from Verizon to AT&T to get it to work. I had no issues with SIM cards or setup. I will give a quick impression now and then update later after I've spent some time with it. Out of the box externally it looks beautiful. I love the metal back and the dark color. The screen is huge with very small bezels. I'm used to 2k screens but the 1080 on this phone looks so crisp I barely notice the difference. The software seems pretty well optimized. I was able to switch launchers easily. I had some issues with their backup software so I just manually did everything through google. Very little lag and everything opens immediately. The camera is very fun to use and has a lot of features to play with.*Weekend Update*After spending the weekend with the phone I am still very happy with my purchase.The battery life is great compared to my old phone. I play Clash Royale and check it frequently for texting and social media and snapchat and I can easily get through the day without having to charge it. There is very little drain while the phone is idle also which is nice. As long as you don't leave a ton of apps open constantly. They have a function that alerts you to background processes using up heavy battery but it can get a little frustrating with Facebook and Spotify. Those two apps will constantly restart themselves in the background to refresh info so I'd say once every hour or so I get a warning alerting me to close background apps that aren't physically running on the phone. The app itself is killed there is just a process running.  Would be nice to be able to permanently lock the Facebook app from reopening itself but I don't so much blame the phone for that as I do Facebook developers.Performance is still great. With past phones they tend to heat up when using games even right out of the box but the Mate can handle everything I threw at it with no lag. I tested Clash Royale the new Roller Coaster Tycoon port and Non-stop Knight. No problems across the board.I noticed  the notifications do not appear on your lock screen by default like not even an icon saying you have a notification. You have to go into each app in the settings individually and select which appear on the lock screen. Otherwise without unlocking it you have no way of knowing you have a message besides the LED. So it can be fixed you just have to take the time to do it. Speaking of unlocking the phone the fingerprint reader is phenomenal. I've never used a backside reader before so I figured it would be weird getting used to but this fingerprint reader is so quick it to me no time at all to adjust. You don't have to click to turn the screen on at all you just tap your finger on the reader quick with the screen completely black and it will unlock to your home screen instantly. Also there is feature that you can swipe on the reader to scroll through pictures or to bring down the settings screen which I think is pretty cool. Finally you can double click the volume down button to instantly take a picture from the lock screen. Again this happens almost immediately it's one of my favorite features so far.I changed my rating to 5 stars for now because I do love the time I've spent with the phone. I'll probably update again after about a month and definitely after they push the Alexa update that is supposed to be coming. Until then enjoy if you decide to buy! It's a great deal!