First off lets cut to the chase. If you're looking for iPhone/Android type features and apps this is not the phone for you. This is a neat little "gadget." I certainly am not planning on using this as my main phone but I bought it for the geek factor. I thought it'd be neat to wear once in a while so I can get my James Bond on and have people be all "Oh that's neat!"Now that we got that out of the way I'll go on the watch itself. The manual is obviously written by a non native English speaker. No big deal to me as most of it is pretty self explanatory. The watch is big! I don't really mind as I prefer larger watches but this is cutting it close size wise. It came partially charged and I did not want to wait to charge it so I played with it right away. I placed my SIM in the back of the phone and it immediately recognized it. I had to manually update the time/date. I placed a test call and it worked perfectly. The phone itself has a speaker and it also comes with a set of headphones. The headphones plug into the USB jack (it's not the standard Mini/Micro USB jack.)Incoming calls worked fine as well. The screen and the ringtones remind me of Nokia type technology from the early 2000's so don't expect much. The camera worked but to be honest it's probably not of much use to anybody. Texting was a bit of a pain. the screen is very small for texting and even with the included stylus it's a chore. It does have the ability to handwrite on the screen but writing one letter at a time will wear you out.Didn't even bother with the video recorder/player or the MP3 player.Couldn't figure out the internet. It didn't automatically configure itself. Even if I could figure it out I'm not sure I'd ever use it. Maybe this weekend I'll mess around with the settings because I would like to be able to receive my email on it as well.All that being said. If you're looking for a neat little gadget to wear once in a while and are fine with the early 2000's cell phone screen/menus then you'll like this.Edited to add: I wore this out for lunch this past weekend and the waitress loved the look of it. When I told her it was a phone she about flipped. Lol. YMMV.