MOTO G (4th Gen) Plus - 64gb version.  (My old phone is a Samsung Galaxy Note 4).Phone retruned in working order.  Motorola does not even tell you what they did to it.  It took around a week to get it back which is not to bad but they should list what was done to it.  Also the website now lists the device out of warranty which is wrong.  I expect a phone to last 4 years.  So while they fixed it I have zero confidence in moto products.6 Month Update.  From 5 stars to 1 star.  The phone will not charge.  After 6 months that is ridiculous.  These phones should last years. Most likely it is the connection between the cable (tried a bunch) and phone but who knows.  I have done an RMA to Motorola and we will see if they fix it any time soon.  I will update.  If they are prompt the rating will go back up if it takes weeks it will stay a 1.2 Week Update.Screen:  The resolution is excellent.  It is full HD and compares well to my Note 4.  I played with a Note 5 over the 4th and the screen resolution of that is the same.  Yes the Notes have 1440 x 2560 resolution vs the Moto G4s 1080 x 1920 but on a 5.5 inch screen it does not matter.  MOTO has a DPI of 401 which makes the difference unnoticeable.Screen Size.  The MOTO G4 has a 5.25 inch screen.  They list a 5.5 but as the buttons are on the screen you lose .25 inches of screen that you don't on other phones that have physical buttons in the boarder'.  I have found that these disappear when in apps so you get the space back and a simple swipe up brings them back.Android:  Version 6.01.  This is as close to stock Android which is a plus.  There is no bloatware that I could find.  It would be great if it was stock android but it is really tough to get a good stock android phone.  I am hoping that since it is close to stock that updates will come in a timely fashion.  Samsung is the worst for updates.  If you have the latest flagship phone from Samsung you will be lucky if you get the latest android updates after every other company has updated their phones.  Then you have to wait on the carriers who are just as bad.  If you have a phone like my Samsung Note 4 good luck getting updates.  I am hoping MOTO is better at putting out updates but really don't know.  You at least get rid of 1 level by taking out the carrier updates.Battery:  I set the phone up and was using it 100% of the time from about 4:30pm to after midnight and ran the phone down.  I then forgot to plug it in over night and it lost almost no power over night  18% down to 13%.  Charging with included turbo charger:  30 Mins it went from 13% to 47%.  At 1 hour it was at 88%.  it hit 100% at 1 hour 40 mins.After 3 days I would say the battery life is not the best.  If you don't use it it will last forever.  My Samsung Note 4 would be way down with minimal use.  It goes down alot faster with use.  From 7:30 AM to midnight it went from 100% down to 15%.  Most of that when I started using it after work.  I am still playing with settings so this will also be updated.  7:30 to 3:30 I am down to 80% from a full charge.Update:  I have gone through a number of full battery cycle and the battery seems to be holding up well.  I got a day and a half on my last full battery and today I have 66% left from 9:00 am to 10:00 pm.  I am happy if it lasts a day as I will always charge it overnight.  I just don;t want to be on empty at the end of the day and the last few days seem to be holding up.  I still have not tried to optimize anything.After 2 weeks of use I find I have no issues with battery life.  I am very happy with it.Storage.  Android OS on the Moto G4 plus takes 9.49 GB so a 16GB phone is no longer an option.  It really has never been and option.  If you are looking at the 16GB version of the MOTO G4 or the plus keep looking.  This goes for any Android phone. The upgrade to 64gb was only $50 and included an upgrade of memory from 2gb to 4gb.  It is well worth it.  Unlike Apple and Samsung who seem to think you should bend over to have a storage upgrade Motorola comes in with a better price.Micro SD:  I added 128gb card to store music on and it works great.  I have read and suspect it supports up to 256 but those are still cost prohibitive.Finger Print Sensor:  The plus has a finger print sensor that works beautifully.  I have 2 other devices that have finger print sensors.  The Note 4 who's finger print sensor was very poor and was unusable and the Galaxy Tab S2 8" which seems to function ok. I have had no issue with the MOTO G4 finger print scanner and would rate it superior to either of the Samsung versions I have.App performance:  Everything is very smooth and snappy.  At this point the OCTACore processor and touch of the screen are excellent.  We have gotten to the point when phone CPUs have outpaced need for 95% of the public maybe even 100%.  I don't play high entensity 3d games and those might be an issue but I cannot report on that as everything I use works great.WIFI Performance:  This works fine.  I was getting 50mb a second download off my AC2350 netgear router.  Wired I get 130mb second.  Once again overkill.  I get the same rate from my Samsung Galaxy tab S2 and it supports AC.Look and feel:  The size is great. Just a little smaller in your hand than the Note 4 but it makes a lot of difference.  I have smaller hands and was always fumbling with the note 4.  The MOTO G seems much more natural.No NFC so no Android pay.  I still see absolutely no reason to use android pay so it is not a big deal to me.  I either have to get my phone out and make the payment or I have to get out my wallet and make the payment.  Not a lot of difference.  They tried to solve a problem that didn't exist.  I guess they assume we are all so consumed with with our online presence that our phone is always in our hands.  If you are in line using your phone the person behind you should smack it out of your hands for being rude.Blutooth:  Connected a earbud and my PC.  Both function fine with no issues.Pokemon Go.  Runs fine.  seems to have the same issues as my son and daughters iphone 6 and 6s and my old Samsung Note 4. It is a battery hog on all phones and has to be restarted every once in a while.  These are common to all 4 phones though.Pros.Price: At 299 the 64GB Moto G Plus (4th Gen) is a steal.  It Compares to at least last years flag ship models.Storage:. 64gb is enough for most but if not you can add 128gb micro SD.Screen:  Crystal Clear screen very responsiveSetup: Very easy to setup and install apps from prior phoneApps:  Run perfectly well with no slow downs.  .ConsScreen size of 5.25.  Finger print scanner is not the home button and you waste .25" of screen for the 3 buttons.Speak is a little tinny.  Fine for voice calls but you would never want to listen to music over it.  earbuds are good and you can always get a set of bluetooth speackers.After 2 weeks I see no reason to buy a Galaxy Note 7 or Iphone 7 for $700 to $800.  You are basically paying $500 for less storage to go from a Great phone camera to the best phone camera and to get NFC.  My daughter who is an Apple iLemming even liked it.  After using it for a week I gave my wife my Note 4 to upgrade her note 2.  This phone is great and I would definitely look at the next one when I need a new phone in a few years.Update 9/16/2016:  I still think this is a great phone and am happy with my purchase.  Much better than spending 700+ on an exploding galaxy note 7.  It does get warm when playing pokemon go and charging at the same time.  Other than that I really have no complaints.  I do think we will see an explosion of 200-300 phones over the next year as people realize that while the flagship lines have better processors those processors are more than they need.  Its like the PC market.  Unless you play heavy duty online games a $400 computer is the same as a  $1000+ computer.