This is the first android phone that I've ever purchased. Have been using iPhone for the past many years. Both myself and my girlfriend. I wanted to updated her phone. Initially was trying to get her the Vivo Blu 5 but it's been out of stock for the past many weeks. Her phone arrived yesterday and just let me say I've already ordered another one for myself which is on the way. I played with her phone a bit to help with the setup since I'm the more techy one. The phone is great super fast. I messed with it for hours and it did not get hot. My iPhone is actually warmer than this. She likes the camera the only thing we could not figure out was where the pictures got stored. Did not know with android you can download any gallery app you want to browse your picture since we are so used to the iPhone. I tested the download speed of huge files and it's super fast I'm very surprised. The fingerprint reader is accurate and fast works every time. You can also use the reader to make purchases in the play store. The reader also activate the home buttons when full screen is running. The phone was already updated when recieved. I thought I would order the one plus 3 for myself but after experiencing hers I was like there is no need. This phone is fully loaded. Paid 299 with a 50 dollar gift card so the actual price is 249 for 64 gigs and 4ram. The phone did not come with any unneeded apps. Oh yea one more thing to add is I'm located in Germany with the armed forces and it works great. Amazon would not ship the black one to my military address so I ordered the white one instead. I'm excited about this phone. Will be watching lots of android videos to get some tips for more ideas to operate it. My only concern is that it does not come with a magnetic compas sensor which my old iPhone had. Not sure what I won't be able to do without the sensor. The phone does not come with ear phone. My girlfriend did not care since we have so many around the house. Another thing to add is the speakers sound great and it's loud. It's in the front of the phone and it sound 3Dish or stereo. I've not used the fm radio will try that today. The phone did not come with a case nor a scratch protector. I did order these things when ordering the phone but it's not yet here. My girlfriend was amazed how light it is. Much lighter than our iPhones. She likes the feel to it but it's kind of slippery without the case. She won't be using it fully yet until the case arrives in dear of our kids getting a hold of it and dropping. That's all I can think of for now. Great phone at a great price. I also ordered the Blu r1 for my daughters birthday. Will review when she opens it next week. Another thing to add for the Moto gplus I thought it was made in India the box says China it also doesn't have manufactured date on the box which I would have liked. You can add multiple fingerprints on the reader.Update:-I figured out that it did have a photo Gallery-The net is much faster on here than on my iphone with using the same SIM Card (its always connected to 4G) No LTE in my part of Germany yet.-The phone heated up one time and that was when we played a high powered game for a long time. I've played other games for hours and it stayed cool. The heat wasn't disturbing though I was only looking for it because of all the reviews.-We now have 2 one for me and the other for my girlfriend they both work the same.-Fingerprint reader is so fast I enabled the option with my banks app and its perfect. I kind of see why it was not a good idea to bring back to the home screen.-Phone calls can sound like its on speaker phone if volume is not low enough.-Volume control on the side is driving me nuts moving it will automatically adjust the volume for the ringtone by default I only want it to control media. Then again this is my first android on my iphone I could lock the speaker volume.-GPS was not working I disabled location services and turned it back on and GPS started to work the signal is so strong and fast. Navigation works any and everywhere.-Downloaded a lot and so much more space left