My initial impression of the Moto G4 Plus after a few days of use is pretty good.Coming from an older LG G2 one of the first things I noticed is the larger size of 5.5” compared to the smaller 5.2” of the LG. On paper this difference does not seem like much but in real world experience it does make it somewhat more difficult to hold and handle with the Moto. Pulling and storing the Moto in the front pant pocket is more difficult as well but it’s not a deal breaker for me but more of something to get use to as many phones seem to be around the 5.5” size these days.When it comes to grip the matte back of the phone is somewhat grippy but not quite enough for me. I prefer to use a phone without a case but I will be using a case on this phone mainly because of the smooth bezels on the side of the phone which just make it a bit to slippery for daily use. The build quality seems top notch for a phone in the $250-$300 price range. I like that the back cover can easily be pried open for access to the SIM card(micro SIM slot with an included adapter to fit a nano SIM) plus a Micro SD up to 128GB of storage. With the 64GB model there is plenty of space for files music photos apps etc. but it’s nice to see the optional storage made available. It’s a bummer that the battery is non-removable though. The ports(3.5mm and micro usb) are accessible but I would have preferred that the headphone jack was placed on the bottom with the charging port. The screen seems durable with thin bezels on the side perhaps a little too thin for me but not a deal breaker though. There is a slight lip around the screen that allows you to place the phone face-down on a flat surface without concern of scratches.I do like the front-facing speaker at the top which gets very loud at full volume without sounding tinny or crackly when playing audio. However I did notice that the speaker phone did not sound as rich and full when it came to phone calls which is disappointing. The power and volume buttons on the right side are good and clicky with the power button having a textured surface compared to the smooth surface of the volume rocker. The only slight con for me is that the buttons are placed too close to each other and seemed switched in placement compared to many other phones out there. The fingerprint sensor on the front works exceptionally well. It’s accurate and fast. It’s probably twice as fast as my ipad Air 2 sensor. There is almost no delay and works in .5 seconds in my testing. I wish the sensor was placed on the back of the phone perhaps where the Moto emblem dimple is but that is personal preference. One thing to note is that the fingerprint sensor serves no other purpose other than to unlock the phone. I wish Lenovo had built some other features into the fingerprint sensor like other companies have done and they seemed to have scrimped on this.When it comes to Marshmallow 6.0 I’m impressed with the features and with the additional custom hand gesture features for example that Moto brings to the phone. It does seem a little light in custom features compared to what LG has done on their phones though. There is next to no bloatware on the phone which is nice but it does lack some common apps like a calculator and a music player but this can be easily remedied by downloading free apps from the Play Store. Overall the phone operates smoothly while scrolling swiping texting and switching between apps. Texting or swiping on the included Google keyboard app works really well which is a definite plus for me. Multi-tasking on the phone works like a breeze. The Qualcomm 617 octa core processor and 4gb RAM tackles most tasks fairly well for a mid-range processor. Casual gaming works well enough and seems power-efficient thanks to Android 6.0’s power-saving features. The full HD screen is bright and vibrant and works well enough for me. It won’t rival any OLED screen from Samsung or the like but then again it’s less than half the price of those flagship phones so it's not expected to. I’m not sure yet how well the brightness is in broad daylight but I suspect at full brightness it will be sufficient for me. The turbo-charging seems to work well as advertised too.Overall this is a nice 2016 phone with a current OS 32GB storage 4GB RAM speedy processor full HD screen timely security updates Android N upgrade-able and is virtually free of bloatware. At the $250-$300 price range this is really a no-brainer for a budget to mid-range phone and should be on any person’s shopping list. With only a few minor cons for me I still recommend the Moto G4 Plus for anyone looking for an affordable phone. 4.5/5 stars.