Just an update after using a few months. This is a great no frills phone. It fits well in hand and I have actually found I like it day to day better than my LG V10.If you loved the Nexus 5 this is a phone for you.This is a really good phone with the caveat "for the money".  And that probably isn't a fair thing to say. It works great and feels good in the hand and is smooth has an excellent camera and just runs well. It is unlocked and works with no problems on my T-Mobile 4G LTE network. Never owned a Moto phone.  Have always purchased the carrier phones with the exception of an alcatel 3s I bought for one of my family members.  I think if you are looking for a relatively inexpensive option to the $ 600 to $900 devices this is a good option. It is missing some features I've liked in the past like "knock" to wake or shut off the screen.I originally purchased an Alcatel 4s during pre-order but it would not play well with T-Mobile 4G LTE.  I actually liked the features and screen of the 4s better than this Moto G phone but it was slippery. And they were about the same price.It does not have a lot of cool features or added apps but it works well which some people will like.  Pretty much a Google phone although I've added some things I like and that is the beauty and fun of the Android world.The camera is great - and takes much better pics than the Alcatel 4S.and has really given my LG V10 a run for its money. Pictures are accurate software works fast quick pics turn out well.Speaker is average but it does face forward and that makes it clearer sounding and not as easily covered by your hand.The battery life this week seems to be very good and idle management works well with 6.01.  Gets me thru a full day without charging and the fast charge gets it charged up as advertised.Call quality has been excellent but I did notice that the volume was not as loud as my V10 or 4S. Hopefully they can issue an update that will make the call volume a little louder. all other apps and music are plenty loud. Wifi and LTE the same. No NFC which is weird.Phone feels good in hand and isn't difficult to operate one handed unlike my V10. and they make a lot of nice cases already including the Diztronic and the BENTOBEN 2 Piece case (this is a great case for the MOTO G) - many more good case choices than the Alcatel. Also glass screen protector from Mr. Shield is super. Went on perfect and adds a nice feel to the Moto G screen.Finger print scanner is quick and responsive but I wish the scanner also turned off the screen. It sits in a great place and I am used to the integrated scanner on the V10 that turns off and wakes the phone.No stuttering or problems with performance.  I think the 4gb RAM and 64 gb on board storage help.The phone does get hot occasionally when I'm uploading or downloading files so I'm going to watch that.  I've read the stories about camera video overheat but haven't taken a lot of lengthy video.This device has some stiff competition in that price range including the One Plus 3 and Axxon 7. Both about $100 more but much more robust specs.It reminds me a bit of the original Nexus 5. Affordable  clean  unlocked and likes pure Android (with a few Moto features left in the mix)  And just does what it's supposed to.with a much better camera more memory/storage options and much better battery life.Would recommend this device to people that are looking for quality brand at a very fair price with no frills /no bloat phone that works well on any network has good battery life easy to charge huge storage nice screen excellent camera good in hand and is at an excellent price point.