Overall the phone is perfect for what I needed. I looked at everything locally from the  Samsung Galaxy Core Prime to the iPhone 6s. This is my first smart phone and data plan.  I upgraded from a 6 year old Motorola Quantico flip phone.  I couldn’t find what I wanted and I checked with my provider for compatibility and decided to order the GSM Samsung J5 factory unlocked international version because it had the features I wanted.SHIPPING: While browsing the website I found there were shipping restrictions on new cell phones due to the batteries. Amazon wouldn’t ship outside the continental 48 states (Amazon wouldn’t ship via air) so I had the phone shipped to a location I was going to visit in Washington State.  I got a sim card from my local cell phone provider (not a large national company) before I left home and when the phone arrived I was there to receive it.  BlutekUSA was the seller and Amazon fulfilled the order.  I ordered it on 12/31/15.  It arrived 3 days earlier than the estimate via UPS Ground from Virginia and was 7 days in transit.SETUP/USE: It was new in a factory sealed box and after setting the language from Hindi to English installing the sim card and setting the APN (access point name) everything worked as it should in Seattle and later back home in Alaska.  The APN setting can happen automatically but it didn’t for me.  I don’t expect to be a heavy user but I tested most of the features.  The processor is fast enough for running the available apps and the phone has a high resolution screen for photos video and web browsing.  With a fast cellular or Wi-Fi connection Netflix loaded really fast and ran in great looking HD.  The front camera pictures are very good 13 MP and the internal storage 8 GB is sufficient for me.  I added a 32 GB SD card but it can accept up to a 128 GB micro SD.  I recommend looking at videos and the quick start or online manual so you know what you’re getting and where to install the sim or sims (it will accept 2 sim cards for 2 phone lines) and micro SD memory inside the back cover of the phone.