This phone is incredible. I don't mean "incredible for the price" which then implies that if you spend more money you'll automatically get a better device. I mean incredible full stop. I have only purchased "high-end" devices in the past I've tried iPhones expensive androids and even a Windows phone that was quickly replaced (there's just no app support on Windows). I currently own a Sony Xperia Z5 that I paid nearly $600 for. This $200 phone performs better than that so called "high end" device. Money does not matter anymore it's getting cheaper to make full-featured phones. Specs matter the hardware matters and the value that you're getting matters. Anyway here's my review:The battery life on this device is impressive. It's not an exaggeration to say that you can get a few days of heavy use between charges. The display is large pin sharp bright and beautiful. Colors are rendered very well on this device.I have absolutely no complaints about the camera and in fact I think it has a few features that should be standard on more devices. The sensor is actually a Sony sensor which may explain why I love the camera so much I'm a longtime fan of the Xperia line. There is a professional mode that allows you to manually focus your shots in addition to controlling the shutter speed iso and white balance. That's pretty cool and there are not a lot of phones that will allow that. The slow motion video is a little choppy but usable it's no worse than the slow motion on my aforementioned Sony phone. The time-lapse video feature is crazy useful the time-lapse camera has always been my favorite Xperia app so I was excited to see it on this device. There are a few more gimmicky camera modes like mood shot (a polaroid maker with quick filters) and gif mode that are fun to play around with. The low light performance  in auto mode isn't anything to write home about BUT the night shot mode does a great job so if you're in low light just switch to that and you'll be good to go. I added a photo of pumpkins that I took in night mode the only light sources were the tea-light candles inside the pumpkins. There's one more camera mode that I loved mega-pixel or perfect-pixel or something that takes a photograph 300 times the size of a regular shot. This is useful for zooming in you can crop into the larger image instead and retain the image quality.This phone has both a rear and front-facing flash yet another feature my $600 phone does not have. The rear-facing speaker is my biggest sticking point with this phone it detracts from the clean design of the back of the phone and of course makes listening to audio without headphones or an external speaker more challenging but I don't care very much about the built in speakers on my phones so it's not a major concern. The fingerprint scanner is great. I love the placement and I love that it's just a scanner and not a button. The phone looks expensive and feels nice in the hand. It's very lightweight.I would definitely recommend purchasing this device I don't regret the money I spent on phones in the past because cheap phones used to be...well..cheap but moving forward I will be buying more phones from Blu.